---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 63 (10-10-23)
summary: "Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-4
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2023-10-10
---

Session Number: 63

Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath

Key Locations: Faymill

Media:

Glory Gains:

Players Attending:

- Jennifer Wolfe (Siobhán Silverridge / Amund Henge)
- Laura Bee (Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert /Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich)
- Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix)
- Kenny Linden (Casimir Ramirez / Penelope Durand)
- Michael Kolb (Peter MacBravo)

# Talking to Amund Henge

Shivon talks to Amund about the split, he says it will not go well but he will get it done.

# Coming to the Silverridge Compound

The troops look like newly hired men, with just a want to be paid over their loyalties. They meet up with Gregory. Who warns them of the look of coming marching as the head of a army. He tells the party that with his mother still at Windbreak they would be allow in.

He gives them the story they have heard that Has Rhinholt has been holding the city well. After many conflicts, the court moving to Faymill has been a good move. While Cynog was captured, and his troops held, the saffron attacks made it they could not hold all of them, and only the leadership was kept alive all the other troops were killed.

# The Birth of Baby Angus

Some of the party go and see Merida Silverridge-MacBavo who is having a very rough birth, after talking to Shvion and meeting Casimr.

# Old O'ri Arrives

O'ri arrives and eats breakfast with the party and Shivons Parents, giving a Casimr a amulet that is holding off the curse, That Carrick will not have children, that Caden will ride a griffon in the snow, and will have a girl and then twins. He also says not to tell Peter he was here as he will try to change his fate. He says that he has not seen malcom in a while but he is likely not dead, that laya will hold the papers of Macom. Also that “angus” the founder of the Fedor is actually one of the lich kings of Kadal. He also gives a charm to protect Laya in holding her child from the shadow curses of house sedi. Lasty their undead aunt Haley will be at his funeral.  
  
He then goes and delivers the new Silverridge child.  
  
Angus says he has conviced the family. With them stepping down and his brother becoming the new Baron of house henge under whitestar.
