---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 36 (03-20-23)
summary: "| Session Number: 376 | Chapter 2 The Convocation at Mistwick | | ---
  | --- | | Date: 03-20-23 | Key Locations: | | Media: | Glory Gains: | |
  Players Attending: - Jennifer Wolfe (S"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-2
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2023-03-20
---

| Session Number: 376 | Chapter 2 The Convocation at Mistwick |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 03-20-23 | Key Locations: |
| Media: | Glory Gains: |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]] / [[Timothy-Whitestar|Timothy Whitestar]]) - Laura Bee ([[lyla_tarasovich-talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix) - Kenny Linden (Casimir Durand-Ramirez / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - D'artist ([[Tallion-Ramirez|Tallion Ramirez]]) |

# Events

## Visions of the Bellringer

Carrick has a vision where he walks thought he mist and sees 3 figures he walks to the right, and sees a man with a large bell weapon. He tells him that he will help him see his destiny (and Carrick gets rerolls for the next 2 visions)

File:Bellringer Avatar.jpg|thumb

He then goes towards the middle figure, and he sees a saffron society priest that is almost a corpse and Carrick wakes up.

File:Saffron Society Vision.jpg|thumb

Carricks right eye now glows in the darkness and he can not see out of that eye.

## Insults for breakfast

Soverighn & Lyla start talking to people but they are "Insulted" by Casimir, as he wants to find a "true priest" to talk about Carrick's vision. Soverighn  Lyla storm out.

## Looking for Knowledge

Most of the party goes out to find a tested but finds a Bellringer Priest first. He says the vision is that of the military side of the Bellinger, and it is a good omen that Carrick will do good in the upcoming war.

As they are leaving Sysid tries to get the rock back again, empowering his magics by destroying a belltower, he again is thwarted. Casimir finds Louis Covenguard, and asks him to arrest him, and Louis tells him that vandalism is not in his preview.

## Insults for lunch

As the party reunites Lyla tells the group about the meeting with Samson Krieg, as everyone returns it turns in to an argument, wher Casimir will not relent and support what he sees as open treachery. As the conflict gets worse Connor and Rory comes in, and calms the group down by pushing Casimir, to understand that he needs to support the family.

## The Meeting

As the armies march, and the group goes to the meeting, they come to a grove in the fog that reminds Carrick of his vision.
