---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 32 (2-14-23)
summary: "| Session Number: 32 | Chapter 2 The Convocation at Mistwick | | --- |
  --- | | Date: 02-14-23 | Key Locations: | | Media: | Glory Gains: | | Players
  Attending: - Jennifer Wolfe (Si"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-2
visibility: players
approvalStatus: approved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: patricthomas via GM review
eventDate: 2023-02-14T00:00:00.000Z
---

| Session Number: 32 | Chapter 2 The Convocation at Mistwick |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 02-14-23 | Key Locations: |
| Media: | Glory Gains: |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]] / [[Timothy-Whitestar|Timothy Whitestar]]) - Laura Bee ([[lyla_tarasovich-talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix) - Kenny Linden (Casimir Durand-Ramirez / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - D'artist ([[Tallion-Ramirez|Tallion Ramirez]]) |

# Events

## Return of Clemente Avara

Clemente Avara, returns and notes the wounds on Casimir, he hears the story and Lyla checks the secret passage and sees that it is now protected by House Tarasovich troops. They also update him about Sazed.

## Perpetration for Casimir's Wedding

After noticing that House Durand guards are prepped for the wedding the party gets everything ready.

Clemente gets the ring and a spare falls in his pocket

Shivon gets him dressed

Lyla gets the archers to shoot a ribbons over the event

Carrick helps him take a bath.

## The Wedding

It happens at a near by waterfall.

Those in attendance

- Empress Naomi Rivers
- Francis Rivers the 2nd
- Charles Rivers
- Howard Crowley
- Zelda Crowley
- Conner Silverridge
- Rory Silverridge
- Kindcaid Silverridge
- Ursla Silverridge neé Henge
- The Hungry Wolves

The wedding goes off well, as also the group gets to meet the Empress and her children.

## After the wedding

Shivon Silverridge asks her father for an update about what happend in the Deerholt and the conflict on Windbreak, most of the information they knew is conformed, but Shivon learns that her mother was a Hedge Knight, in her youth after she killed a man she gave up the sword and gradually fell in love with Kindcaid Silverridge. Kincadide is going to House Wycliff To get them to bring troops to Windbreak to hold the city.

The Wedding of House Bennett and House Lombardo It happens at a bellringer temple.

Those in attendance

- Taunya Bennet
- Matteo Lombardo
- Oliva Pearstone
- Patricio Goyca
- Charles Montmier
- Lucy Montmier
- Emmerich Bennet
- Rhys Bennet
- Noel Lombardo
- Guadelupe Priston
- Sariel Rose
- Eildree Leary
- Stuart Gambu
- Peter Upperton
- Clarissa Upperton
- Xena Upperton
- Demetrius Upperton
- Enzo Graisti
- Rodegro Alvarez
- Bell Jean-Paul
- Sazed

The wedding is guarded by a crossbowman, Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich supports his betrothed Lyla Silverridge in conversations with House Montmier. A question comes up though if Rory Silverridge will remarry?

## The Magic Rock

Clemente Avara having stolen a package from Sazed, after the party they leave an in their homes find a crystal with a bird in it, the same crystal that Lyla Silverridge knew from her youth. The rock tries to flee but Clemente Avara catches it and puts it back in the bag.

The letter to Mom

*Dearest Mother,*

*It is Casimir. How are you? I have married. I am now Baron of House Durand. I married Baroness Penelope of House Durand. I am not sure if either Penelope will find it funny, but I certainly did find the shared name of the two Penelopes.*

*Attached is money. Would you like to move to Durand lands? You can have lands and so on. I do not know much about such things, but I am sure you can hire someone who does. Or expand your business interests, whatever makes you happiest. See if Penelope (not Durand) wants to come as well.*

*Buy some guards with some of the money so you stay safe.*

*All of my love,*

*Cas*

Passing the Wisdom to the next generation

Shivion, talks to Conner about how she should rule. Conners issues deal most with Northton and how that it might be better to kill them, or give them to House Silverridge. Shivion is also sent a flower from Timothy (a flame flower).

Connor also talks about his support from House Buttler and how he says his friend there has seen the Gryphon troops hidden in a cave of House Thorn's mining.
