---
category: event
type: event
name: Session 44 (5-15-23)
summary: "| Session Number: 44 | Chapter: 3 The Saffron Society War | | --- |
  --- | | Date: 5-15-23 | Key Locations: | | Media: | Glory Gains: | | Players
  Attending: - Jennifer Wolfe (Siobhá"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-3
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2023-05-15
---

| Session Number: 44 | Chapter: 3 The Saffron Society War |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 5-15-23 | Key Locations: |
| Media: | Glory Gains: |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]] / [[Timothy-Whitestar|Timothy Whitestar]]) - Laura Bee ([[lyla_tarasovich-talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix) - Kenny Linden (Casimir Durand-Ramirez / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - D'artist ([[Tallion-Ramirez|Tallion Ramirez]]) |

# Events

## Giving a hand

Abdul Deiz de Requena the teacher of Adan Mcneill who in turn was the teacher of Caden Mattix says that he has come looking for Caden to aid him in killing Leon Blackwood he has brought poisons, as he feels it's not needed to kill such a man with honor.

Caden says he will return, when he meets up with Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich who tells him of his fight, and that he had heard of Abdul Deiz de Requena but thought he was dead. Soverighn also is very upset that he hears that the Shadow Guard where ordered to magics in public, but in heading that Casimir Durand lost his personal unit of troops from the crusades gives him some slack.

## Think Twice Act Once

As they are also meandering in to the city they see Louis Covinggard he tells them of the winds that the saffron troops can use to stop archery attacks, he was able to overcome it but to beware. Louis wants to make key units of the hero's of the lands, to strike deep in the Saffron lands, and gains support for this from Casimir Durand.

The group meets up at an inn with Conner Silverridge where he talks to Caden, about the conflict, and wanting to know what to do about Talion's not supporting his units physically. Conner brakes down the math and shows that his need for gold made him attack and destroy many. The lack of him following orders can be solved by being the person who confirms his kills. That power should be enough to rein him in.

Caden Mattix asks to talk to Conner, and gives him the War Beetle baby. Conner recommends going to the tested that can deal with magical animals. Nolla Holt He also brings up Abdul Deiz de Requena who Conner recommends using to train a unit of knights that will avenge their losses in the next generation.

## Prison Break

They learn that many of the troops that were captured are being held by the saffrons not far away. They build up a unit of people to sneak in and rescue them. They are very successful, only killing 2 guards and sneaking away with everyone, including Count Crowelly.
