---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 49 (6-21-23)
summary: "| Session Number: 49 | Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath | | --- |
  --- | | Date: 6-21-23 | Key Locations: Bridgevale | | Media: | Glory Gains: |
  | Players Attending: - Jennifer "
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-4
visibility: players
approvalStatus: approved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: patricthomas via GM review
eventDate: 2023-06-21T00:00:00.000Z
---

| Session Number: 49 | Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 6-21-23 | Key Locations: Bridgevale |
| Media: | Glory Gains: |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]]  / [[amund_henge|Amund Henge]] )) - Laura Bee ([[Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt ([[Caden-Mattix|Caden Mattix]]) - Kenny Linden ([[casimir_ramirez|Casimir Ramirez]] / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - Noah Miller ([[Boris-Rameriz|Boris Rameriz]]) |

# The War

Over are period of 3 days the major push for the war starts.

The Eastern Army has multiple successes, with minor losses, they also do a night raid on the saffrons. Breaking the lines of the beetle mounts.

The Imperial army being commanded by [[Endulaudaus|Endulaudaus]] captured Samson Kreig and wins the war, he does not survive to trial from his wounds in the battle.

## Celebration at Bridgevale

[[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhan]], asks about [[Timothy-Whitestar|Timothy Whitestar]], and [[soverighn|Soverighn]]_ides_lev_tarasovich)tells her that Timothy had a vision. In private he tells her of the vision of the death of his parents, and that is was pushed by the rivers people. He is livid at the current power structure.

There is a push to find information on getting a drug to cure Carrick Silverridge from his poison, [[Boris-Rameriz|Boris]]takes the time to learn where the cure is, there is a special cinnamon tree in the saffron isles that can cure him.

## The talk to the Ex-Judge

They talk to [[Luis-Covinggard|Louis Covenguard]] and he tells the group that Sonya Brovina is racing to Oldwyn to become the first of the Peacekeepers taking Louis' job.

Most people decide they will go to Oldwyn, but not bring enough people in case Douglas Sherman, will take hostages.

## The Question on Rivercliff

Penelope and Casimir talk about what they are going to do about Rivercliff and the debate ends that they will tell Titus that they will not challenge him if he invades rivers but will not support him before open war.

## [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn]] Wisdom

Notes that he will will ask to leave the connection to the West and deal with matters in the East, after helping retake Windbreak, he will go in to Montomer.

## Connor's Plan

He wants to go with just him and Rory to bend the knee, but leave the next generation away. He thinks Siobhan should go and talk to [[Hans-Rhinehart|Henrick]]to try to convince him to give up the city. He feels the party should take the river, and use that path to get to the saffron isles and get the cure for Carrick.

## Whitestar's Choice

Timothy is told about the windbreak issues, as well as Siobhan, being wanted by the Kayna (Maybe from both sides of her family) , He will publicly declare the wedding with be at Windbreak so he can send the armies to back her with Connor's plan.

## Casimer and the Faithful

[[casimir_ramirez|Casimir Ramirez]] meets up with a group of clappers led by [[alfieri_borroni|Alfieri Borroni]] the head of the clappers. They give him comfort as they try to heal Diego, he is stabilized but is not going to be able to travel for years. [[casimir_ramirez|Casimir Ramirez]] has a religious moment with them.
