---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 61 (09-19-23)
summary: "Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-4
visibility: players
approvalStatus: approved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: patricthomas via GM review
eventDate: 2023-09-19T00:00:00.000Z
---

Session Number: 61

Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath

Key Locations: Garingin

Media:

Glory Gains:

Players Attending:

- Jennifer Wolfe (Siobhán Silverridge / Amund Henge)
- Laura Bee (Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert /Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich)
- Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix)
- Kenny Linden (Casimir Ramirez / Penelope Durand)
- Michael Kolb (Peter MacBravo)

# Talk with Peter and Siobhan

They talk about how they could help one another, but nothing solid is locked down.

# **Miriam Wycliff**

Miriam has one last talk with them about how Siobhan should have offered up Casimir before she was killed, in her getting more and more livid, Kassandra casts a spell to calm her down.

In this conflict they notice that Sov is becoming a shadow creature. They get him to be tied to a rope and thrown overboard to erode the darkness on him, It works well.

As that finishes they drop off Miriam Wycliff at the temples of Quathwent, Zachary Blackwood & Kassandra Magameti go with her to make sure she will be ok.

# The Landing on Garingin

They land on Garingin, under a random flag, and then rent a inn (The Burning Whale) for them to have as a base. They get cleaned up and prepped for future meetings.

The Mysterious Animal Caden has will survive ONLY if there is no delay back on the trip to main land, It only will survive 2 days.

Caden also learns the ritual to connect with the star gods in star god temples.

Lyla Talks to the god Denizkoru and connects to him, finishing the ritual by having the ritual parts absorbed in her.

# Meeting with Serafina Drakefang-Ramirez

They are taken in secret with staff that is blindfolded, they meet with Serafina, who gives them this information.

- That if Northerton is held by Siverridge it is unlikely for a year there would be any pirate attacks because of the fear of Connor.
- That the heir of the Silverridge who spends 90 days on the water they become the controller of the sea monster that has kept the Silverridge/Rameriz connection in play. It's why the Jabari plot happened to try to kill of the connection, but it is why their is always bastard children to always have a connection to the serpent possible.
- Serafina tells Peter that the place where the “drug” that affected his mother is produced on the Jade Isle, and that there is a contact there that can produce a cure. He works with Serafina to make a contact to have the drug taken to Almirn that Peter can pick up.
