---
category: event
type: event
name: Session 39 (04-10-23)
summary: "| Session Number: 39 | Chapter: 3 The Saffron Society War | | --- |
  --- | | Date: 04-10-23 | Key Locations: | | Media: | Glory Gains: | | Players
  Attending: - Jennifer Wolfe (Siobh"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-3
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2023-04-10
---

| Session Number: 39 | Chapter: 3 The Saffron Society War |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 04-10-23 | Key Locations: |
| Media: | Glory Gains: |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]] / [[Timothy-Whitestar|Timothy Whitestar]]) - Laura Bee ([[lyla_tarasovich-talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix) - Kenny Linden (Casimir Durand-Ramirez / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - D'artist ([[Tallion-Ramirez|Tallion Ramirez]]) |

# Events

## Archers for Breakfast

Penelope Durand had a breakfast with Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert where they talked about the conflicts with their family. They make a solid connection and then have a bit of a time with archery.

## Visions

Carrick Silverridge has a vision.

''He is walking down a dirt road with city's people getting ready, on one side of the street the people are rats, and the other side they are pigeons. The rats start taking out a effigy of a person with red hair they have hung. He tries to stop it, and realizes he is in the body of a peacekeeper. Who is overwhelmed by the rats.''

## Breakfast with the Southern Beauty

Carrick Silverridge dreses as a page and goes to send a message to the the Songprawati, on the way there he sees his father trying to learn how to ride a dragon, but he keeps going on his mission he invites Myo Songprawati to breakfast and talks to her on the way.

She thinks the vision has to do with Shivon Silverridge's rise in Whitestar how the people feel her becoming Dutchess. They decide they are going to talk to some Whitestar people before they arrive. Theobold Byrd is one of the leading nobles of Orley who will give them information.

File:Theobold Byrd.png|thumb|Theobold Byrd

Carrick Silverridge also talks to people about joining the Odd Fellow's but it ends with him having to learn more about them.

## The Death of a Shadow

On the way to talk to Timothy Whitestar they see a group of guards investigating something. They go to the College of the Bards, and see that Clemente Avara is killed. He is hung and his hands have been melted to the bones. The Sun Whips are the people who are running the investigation. The players realize that this location is a set up.

## Talk to Whitestar

When the group gets to Timothy Whitestar they are also given a concept that Archbaron Tristin Whitestar as he is losing being the heir might be also aggressive to Shivon Silverridge. They then get a letter for their entry in to Whitestar, and then hit the road to go to Orly.

While there they meet up with Kirill Orlov the peacekeeper from Carricks dream.

File:Kirill Orlov.jpg|thumb|Kirill Orlov

## The Border

The party meets up with Theobold Byrd and are told the conflicts in Whitestar with the rise of Shivon and why some people accept it and others do not.
