---
category: event
type: event
name: Session 08 (7-25-22)
summary: "| Session Number: 8 | Chapter 1 The Barons of Silverridge | | --- |
  --- | | Date: 7-25-22 | Key Locations: | | Media:
  [audiofile](https://castbox.fm/episode/id5032702-id520824659?u"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-1
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2022-07-25
---

| Session Number: 8 | Chapter 1 The Barons of Silverridge |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 7-25-22 | Key Locations: |
| Media: [audiofile](https://castbox.fm/episode/id5032702-id520824659?utm_source=podcaster&utm_medium=dlink&utm_campaign=e_520824659&utm_content=Kingdom%20Divided%20Episode%208-CastBox_FM) | Glory Gains: |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]] / [[Timothy-Whitestar|Timothy Whitestar]]) - Laura Bee ([[lyla_tarasovich-talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix) - Kenny Linden (Casimir Durand-Ramirez / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - D'artist ([[Tallion-Ramirez|Tallion Ramirez]]) |

# Events

Starting at a meal at House  Wycliff's, they start the conversation to Terresa Wycliff. She gives a few key pieces of information.

# The Rivers Empire has allowed the meeting of all the Great Houses to create a great army to stop the Saffron Society

# That Emperor Francis the Elder has syphilis.

# It is likely that the main army of the Saffron Society is likely in domain of House Whitestar

House  Wycliff asks to have the independence that troops will not be billited in Esterash. The cadre, decide to go back to their lodgings to talk about what to do. On the way Lyla Silverridge finds and tracks down the urchin that was missing a hand, she tracks them down to a large house with an underground meeting area. There with her keen sight she was able to see one person later seen at the great hall of House  Wycliff, his name is Laurence Palmer.

After a conversation they return to the fort. Making a request for a few things.

They wanted command of one of House  Wycliff's troops.

*The compromise was the troop would stay in Esterash, but will come when called for a greater army.

They asked about the missing daughter.

*They said that she was taken hostage by 3 Peacekeepers, as a hostage to protect imperial naval ships. She is currently being held at Ganymede. '''They ask the cadre, to rescue their daughter the cadre gives support to them vs House Rivers'''

They request to have a say in Terresa Wycliff's future marriage, in fear that her power could give a enemy house enough power to destroy House Silverridge.

*Out of the blue and without her parents foreknowledge she says that she wants to marry Sir Luis Covinggard. With his influence, she feels she can rescue her sister. Everyone seemly supports the idea if they fail to get the daughter in a way.

They ask to have Terresa Wycliff to go to Windbreak to tell the Duke Connor Silverridge in person the secrets she has learned.

- *She says that she is hunted by killers sent by a mercenary band from Pearstone called Sun Whips Stationed at Butterhill. The cadre decide to send her back on the Griffons Beak to get here their safely.
- They also ask for updates about the local area.
- *They have built a hiding ambush spot on the road north in House Whitestar domain.
- *House Whitestar is ready for conflict so much that their banners might be turned if they could go to war.
- *House Pearstone does not have control of most of their armies, who knows if she can hold them together.
- *House Montmier Is pressed having had to pay off other nobles to put the Duchess Lucy Montmier family in many key titles, they might be bought off by giving the south of House Silverridge's domain.
- *House Almirn While having naval power does not have land power out of their jungles, they are likely going to be invaded by House Bellkind. Also that Somchai Frick son might be a child of a union with a shaman woman of the Mon-ra-ki

Cynog Derth comes up with a plan to attack House Whitestar but it will be held off until this conclave of dukes.
