---
category: event
type: event
name: Session 53 (07-26-23)
summary: "| Session Number: 53 | Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath | | --- |
  --- | | Date: 07-26-23 | Key Locations: Silveroak | | Media:
  [podcast](https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/i"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-4
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2023-07-26
---

| Session Number: 53 | Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 07-26-23 | Key Locations: [[Silveroak|Silveroak]] |
| Media:  [podcast](https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id5032702?v=8.22.11&autoplay) | Glory Gains: |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]]  / [[amund_henge|Amund Henge]] )) - Laura Bee ([[Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt ([[Caden-Mattix|Caden Mattix]]) - Kenny Linden ([[casimir_ramirez|Casimir Ramirez]] / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - Michael Kolb (Peter MacBravo) |

# Before the Boat

The Whitestar boat is called the Caer Ibormeith the captian is Aleksandr Yaroslavovich.

Advice from Connor?  
Connor says he does not have good advice about how to deal with the banners, as he is going to be at the capital and gives agency to the players to solve the problem. There is also a question of the seal of Conors being used in the death of Teresa Wycliff. Connor says that he will have a new seal made after the wedding of Shivon as he will have a diffrent domain. Big questions are brought up that when they give Faymill to Whitestar, there will no longer be a road to his other banners?? (But that's tomorrows problem)

After they sail many of the players get sick, but they make it to Silveroak

# Arrival At Silveroak

As they arrive they are stopped by Eowyen Derth, who is brought with the group. They are brought up to the town with Herrick Silveroak and Fiona Silveroak greet them.  She tells them that her unit was “teleported" by a yellow fog when they were attacked by creatures. They ask if Sov knows what these creatures are. He says he does not in an obvious lie. Eowyen says that she told the townfolk and they don't act like they belive her, even to the extreme aspect that they all have to be in on it.  
  
Sov is called out for talking to her in Fedor, and he shows a picture of the creature that Eowyen says attacked them. They are able to realize that these are creatures from the “maw" something that was mentioned as front assault that Angus had to attack. They decide to go an investigate it that night. Sov and Timothy stay behind.

# Before the “monster” raid

- Laya - Behind close doors Sov tells Layla that the monsters are also mentioned in Pellist faith and history of Ethan Sedi.
- Caden - Goes to House Caragin and accepts the engagement proposal to Audry Caragin. Her father offers 700 silver now, and 3 archery troops to meet them when they land at Wycliff.
- Peter - Goes to a bar, and gets some information but also lets people know that he is looking for the monsters. He also makes friends with Samson Morro. They work together, to head out and look for the monsters.
- Shivon - In talking to Timothy, there is conversation about moving Henge, and he also translates Sovs conversation saying the “others" are called: [[oroickno|Oroickno]]

# The Raid?

They start hearing something in the woods they realize it's the town who is trying to lure them away. They avoid that and go and see the hole in the ground. They then see the Oroickno and run after they shoot one arrow at them. They also note that the mask of the creatures is also the mask that Sazed wears. During the raid Caden's hair bursts in to flame, as he has strong fedor blood.

When they get back they tell Sov, and Peter is able to get information from his spy network to show that they have been filling the holes for 100 years. To keep the problem down. They don't know if they will talk to any one now that they know.
