---
category: event
type: event
name: Session 91 (7-30-24)
summary: "Chapter: Chapter 6 : The Tree and Fire"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-6
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2024-07-30
---

Session Number: 91

Chapter: Chapter 6 : The Tree and Fire

Key Locations: Crystalwood

Glory Gains:

Players Attending:

- Jennifer Wolfe ([Siobhán Silverridge](https://kdwiki.avorial.com/characters/siobh%C3%A1n_silverridge) / Amund Henge)
- Laura Bee ([Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert](https://kdwiki.avorial.com/characters/Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert) /Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich)
- Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix)
- Michael Kolb (Peter MacBravo/Lotlia Mokaji)
- Michael Stienbach (Julien Baptiste)

# Synopsis

**I**The group returns to Crystal Wood, a city in celebration after defeating a kaiju. With reduced security, they find themselves less scrutinized. Julien, a central figure, reveals during lunch his plan to oppose Endalusias due to his corrupt actions and seeks allies among other Peacekeepers. He warns of the additional danger this brings and reassures his commitment to the cause. Julien plans to strategically stall the prosecution of Mercy, believing her forces essential in the fight against Endalusias.

Lyla and Siobhan raise concerns about the risks and complexities of Julien's plan, including the need for more Peacekeeper support and the potential for political fallout. Julien remains confident in gaining enough Peacekeepers' backing to challenge Endalusias effectively.

The discussion shifts to the political situation involving the Almerin and their debts, suggesting the Jade Isles as a strategic target. They contemplate various tactics, including assassination, naval blockades, or feigned invasions, to secure the Isles. The group debates the feasibility of these plans and the implications of Mercy's involvement.

Peter's espionage uncovers Mercy's covert operations, complicating their strategy. Despite Julien's suggestion to delay Mercy, it becomes clear she has her own agenda. The session concludes with the group planning their expedition to the Jade Isles, considering the intricate web of alliances and enmities they must navigate.
