---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 65 (10-17-23)
summary: "Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-4
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2023-10-17
---

Session Number: 65

Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath

Key Locations: Windbreak

Media:

Glory Gains:

Players Attending:

- Jennifer Wolfe (Siobhán Silverridge / Amund Henge)
- Laura Bee (Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert /Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich)
- Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix)
- Kenny Linden (Casimir Ramirez / Penelope Durand)
- Michael Kolb (Peter MacBravo)

Session 65

# Missing Fedor?

Lyla and Casamir are questioned by the guards regarding Cynog's escape. Shiobon petitions Hans to have a frank discussion. Peter and Sovereign quietly make their way out of Hans' keep. Hans' is real mad at Lyla, but Lyla explains Cynog's mission from Connor.   
  
Han's is super reasonable. He's is frustrated that their lack of trust in him made a lot of these things happen. The body in Shiobon's basement is properly handled. The family is all invited to stay the night in the keep. She says that she will do the ritual to become Kayna In a year if she can't find another way.

## The Next Day

Casimir picks up Eloise from the docks. A letter arrives with a Covengard seal, Lyla and Sovereign open it today. The blood prince Kristjan of Covengard will be arriving at Windbreak the day that they receive the letter. They request a safe residence and guard for the heir to be arranged. Shiobhan receives RSPV's for her wedding.  Estanberg and Zanithos are among the guests to attend.

Eloise Kulak is waiting for Casimir at the docks. She is eager to begin her squireship. Comporting herself with grace and discipline.

Shiobhan finds Wanda to arrange the entry of her fiancé Duke Timothy. It is agreed that while the troops may not enter the city, they may march closer for easy communication. Shiobhan, Peter, Casimir, Caeden, Lyla, Sovereign, etc go to meet crown prince of Covengard

# The Blood Prince of Convenguard

- Kristjan greets everyone
- Sergei Kuznetsov - ex Peacekeeper family from Camel Riders squire of Louis (edited)
- Yevgeny Baranov Bodyguard and Weapon Master ex Gladiator (edited)

They speak in Esten, and kick Sovreign out of Covinggard's umbrella, Peter and Siobhan shmooze with Kristjan

# Body hoppers

The old gods are the "digestive remenents" of the time before, and that is what the Kanya tap into for their magics (I think).

The Silverridge family have a discussion sharing information regarding the Kanyah and sharing the timeline of what they've learned with Hans. Caeden believed the sorcerer who gave the Kanyah powers to Silveridge is a body hopper from the book.

- Syas Ruim Almerin diplomat tried wife but died diplomat to Pearstone (edited)
- Howard Crowley Count, works with Saffrons, bastard son
- Ruisín Ó Duinn og warlock

# Mikado Trade

al-Rashish the giant pirate is here

al-Rashish comes as a 3rd party intermediary on behalf of the Mikado, offering to land in Windbreak and offer trade instead of invading them. Feels very Perry Expedition.

The cadre debate on the pro's and cons of the mikado trade deal.

Caden finished his connection to the star gods to get visions.

Wedding guests begin arriving

It was decided to hold the Mikado Fleet off with the news that we are not authorized to accept or decline their offer, we must wait 90 days for Conner to arrive and decide.

Wedding guests arrive

Carrick lost his two left fingers from bugs

next week in KD mediaeval speed dating!
