---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 16 (10-3-22)
summary: "| Session Number: 16 | Chapter 1 The Barons of Silverridge | | --- |
  --- | | Date: 10-3-22 | Key Locations: | | Media: | Glory Gains: | | Players
  Attending: - Jennifer Wolfe (Siobh"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-1
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2022-10-03
---

| Session Number: 16 | Chapter 1 The Barons of Silverridge |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 10-3-22 | Key Locations: |
| Media: | Glory Gains: |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]] / [[Timothy-Whitestar|Timothy Whitestar]]) - Laura Bee ([[lyla_tarasovich-talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix) - Kenny Linden (Casimir Durand-Ramirez / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - D'artist ([[Tallion-Ramirez|Tallion Ramirez]]) |

# Events

It starts with with Carrick Silverridge having a vision of a woman in sweet smelling smoke kissing him.

The Cadre, with Anya Mosley make their way from Deerholt to Windbreak in time for dinner. At the dinner, was

Duke Conner Silverridge

Lady Merida MacBravo Silverridge

Sir Rory Silverridge

Sir Kindcaid Silverridge

Sir Victor Ramirez

Lady Ursla Silverridge neé Henge

Master of the Guard Knight Wanda Bentil

Doamna Bree Liban

Baronet Peter McBavo

Doamna Sierra Pennington

Anya Mosley

Lady Sara Montmier

Spymaster Terresa Wycliff

Sir Hans Rhienheart

The parents dode over their children, seeing everything ok, the conversation moves to Sara Montmier and the conversation on the who will get Deerholt, Time passes before Duke Conner Silverridge say the choice of who will get it. As the conversation dies down a few people leave.

Doamna Bree Liban

Baronet Peter McBavo

Doamna Sierra Pennington

Anya Mosley

Lady Sara Montmier

Sir Hans Rhienheart

Now that the room is primarily family members, Sir Victor Ramirez invites in Diwata the Diplomat from the Saffron Isles. Who Carrick Silverridge realizes it the person from his dream. Diwata primary goal was to make it clear that the Saffron Isles did not support the Saffron Society. While that is understood and some information on the faith of the Saffron Isles is made clear. The conversation moves to making a treaty with the Saffron Isles.

## The Treaty of Spice and Steel

*If Windbreak is attacked by other members of the Bell Lands The House of Silverridge will be given exile in the Saffron Isles, While their troops will attempt to liberate them.*

*The House of Silverridge will defend the Saffron Isles from Bellringer attacks.*

*This is signed and will be binding for a year and a day, only modified by a meeting of Duke Conner Silverridge the Prince in Yellow.*

*Diwata*

*Sir Rory Silverridge*

*Cynog Derth*

*Terresa Wycliff*

## The Hostage

The conversation moves to rescuing Elizabeth Wycliff. Terresa Wycliff hears Duke Conner Silverridge's story about what happened. She does not believe him, but Duke Conner Silverridge and Cynog Derth come up with a plan to have the characters pretend to join a mercenary guild to rescue her, pretend that she is a hostage, and then they will pay it. Thus making the rivers feel that it was not set up by House Silverridge.

## Deerholt Resolution

# Sir Hans Rhienheart is named Lord Protector of Deerholt Is given command of the Red Sash Medical Unit

# Baronet Peter McBavo is given command of the Deerholt Regulars and if any domain is taken in the south he will be given the first town.

# Anya Mosley is named Starlord  of Windbreak

## Putting light on the "Dark Bandits

In talking about the attack on Deerholt years ago, Duke Conner Silverridgefelt it was a push from House Montmier to get the noble houses of House Rhinehart House MacBavo to go south. Lyla Silverridge is angry Duke Conner Silverridge did not do more to stop it.

## The Sedi?

Then the group tells Connor about House Tarasovich using dark magics and creating an alliance.  Duke Conner Silverridge was intrigued that it might be another group of heretics he could join.
