---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 52 (07-18-23)
summary: "| Session Number: 52 | Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath | | --- |
  --- | | Date: 07-11-23 | Key Locations: Bridgevale | | Media:
  [podcast](https://castbox.fm/episode/id5032702-i"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-4
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2023-07-18
---

| Session Number: 52 | Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 07-11-23 | Key Locations: Bridgevale |
| Media:  [podcast](https://castbox.fm/episode/id5032702-id617913146?utm_source=podcaster&utm_medium=dlink&utm_campaign=e_617913146&utm_content=Kingdom%20Divided%20Episode%2052-CastBox_FM) | Glory Gains: |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]]  / [[amund_henge|Amund Henge]] )) - Laura Bee ([[Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt ([[Caden-Mattix|Caden Mattix]]) - Kenny Linden ([[casimir_ramirez|Casimir Ramirez]] / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - Michael Kolb (Peter MacBravo) |

# After the grassy knoll

They get Tersia Wycliff is taken in to the local bellringer chapel. While they prep her death, House Derth people come and complain about the treating ALL of Conners banners have been treated.

Wycliff lost their spymaster daughter

Derth misbegotten son is in jail

Henge is being handed to Whitestar!  
  
They allow the Derth group come to watch the body and take it back to Estrage.

# What is an Attack?

Not knowing what is going on they decide to go and meet up with the Montmier leadership, they take a Rivers Peacekeeper with them. When they get there they see that Sazed is there, and also with the Duke of Gratsi. He says that he knows that Sazed is there. Sazed says that he did not do it. He also palms Shivon a note about the casting ritual to see the “magic” the kayna are hunting.

The strong presumption then is that this was done by the Rivers Empire.

# Questions on Questions

When they go back to home they find that Endulaudaus, Viscount Dale Thorn, Tristian Whitestar with Connor and Rory. House Thorn is angry because they feel that Tersia was a member of their family because her mother was House Thorn. Endulaudaus stops the conversation after he say he knows it was not Sazed because he can know where a tested is being the head of the order.  They very much believe that it's a Rivers attack.

They keep trying to think of what they could give to the Wycliffs to make them happy, but there is nothing that anyone could think of. There is an idea of having her marry in to House Almern. Also tehre is a strong idea to blame the Rivers with House Wycliff to have them press on the empire.

## Who is Dead Really?

There is also a few ideas one using the Isle of Sanctuary, and also the hidden magics of the Esten to bring her back. Both are very dangerous.

## A spy network is born

Peter MacBravo says that his family had made a spy network, that he is willing to invest in to silverridge. The players also prep to sail that morning.
