---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 45 (5-23-23)
summary: "| Session Number: 45 | Chapter: 3 The Saffron Society War | | --- |
  --- | | Date: 5-23-23 | Key Locations: | | Media: | Glory Gains: 3 : | |
  Players Attending: - Jennifer Wolfe (Si"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-3
visibility: players
approvalStatus: approved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: patricthomas via GM review
eventDate: 2023-05-23T00:00:00.000Z
---

| Session Number: 45 | Chapter: 3 The Saffron Society War |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 5-23-23 | Key Locations: |
| Media: | Glory Gains: 3 : |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]] / [[Timothy-Whitestar|Timothy Whitestar]]) - Laura Bee ([[lyla_tarasovich-talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix) - Kenny Linden (Casimir Durand-Ramirez / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - D'artist ([[Tallion-Ramirez|Tallion Ramirez]]) |

# Events

## A Noble lady behind the Lines

Shivon, behind the lines sees that there is food being stolen. She meets up with the head cook at the fort(Matty) Matty The Cook , improving her feelings towards her. Suggesting that food for the nobles would help the poor she is directed to Edith

Edith the Monk a bellringer monk.

Shivon and Penelope go and meet this bellringer monk, and give medical attention and create a food process for them. Shivon does well at keeping a positive feelings in her new domain. They give enough food so there is 8 months left of food for the nobles.

The Rescued Renew some troops

- * Goldblades (Trained)
- * Fleas (Scouts-Dogs-Trained)
- * Redhoofs (Cavalry-Veteran )
- * Windriders (Cavalry-Veteran)

Even though some troops are renewed Carrick was poisoned and is being taken to the House Songprawati domain.

## Information from Lord Crowley

He gives updates on the successes of the Saffron are having and how they have many people around the country that are waiting to hear of successes before they attack peoples home domains.

## Meeting with With the Prime Minister

They go to Endulaudaus, and are "rebuked" for going out on their own, and are told that they should be the key part of the unique unit. They return to Conner who says that it might work that if they go on their own before they are noticed out.

## Caden talking with?

First he tried to talk to Soverighn, to give him information on Lord Timothy, but Timothy is drunk and Caden escapes the conflict with no issues.

Caden has a meeting with Nola Holt, talking about the war scarabs, she says she she can get a few for him, but not the larger numbers he wants for units. She is willing to pay for his samples but he has not made a choice.
