---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 18 (11-8-22)
summary: "| Session Number: 18 | Chapter 2 The Convocation at Mistwick | | --- |
  --- | | Date: 11-8-22 | Key Locations: | | Media: | Glory Gains: | | Players
  Attending: - Jennifer Wolfe (Sio"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-2
visibility: players
approvalStatus: approved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: patricthomas via GM review
eventDate: 2022-11-08T00:00:00.000Z
---

| Session Number: 18 | Chapter 2 The Convocation at Mistwick |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 11-8-22 | Key Locations: |
| Media: | Glory Gains: |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]] / [[Timothy-Whitestar|Timothy Whitestar]]) - Laura Bee ([[lyla_tarasovich-talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix) - Kenny Linden (Casimir Durand-Ramirez / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - D'artist ([[Tallion-Ramirez|Tallion Ramirez]]) |

# Events

## Plot

With Cynog Derth setting up the logistical aspects of the caravan, Caden Mattix learns how to ride dragons and thus gains his level 4 in Animal Handling.

## Coming of the Cardinal

The population rises to honor the Cardinal of the Crown Guadalupe Priston, they arrive at Castle Windbreak. She is escorted by Duke Zachariah Bellkind, Baron Patricio Goyca, Count Stuart Gambu. Conner Silverridge bows before Guadalupe Priston. One group goes off to daily prayers and the members of House Rolland stay behind with Caden Mattix

## Meeting House Rolland

Baroness Muireann Rolland meets with Caden Mattix with her siblings, Ciaran Rolland, Cliodhna Rolland, Darren Rolland. Ciaran Rolland Is going to get some training for his first tournament when they arrive in Mistwick from Caden Mattix. The conversation goes to Duke Timothy Whitestar and how Muireann Rolland hopes he becomes more of a fighter, then a diplomat.

Cliodhna Rolland seems to have issues with the Saffron Society

## Going to Church

Guadalupe Priston starts the prayers, that the group attempts to keep up. Anya Mosley is invested to Star Lord as each of the members of the court is blessed by Guadalupe Priston. Carrick Silverridge  Cynog Derth are effected by the blessings and they can see the power of the bellringer's blessign on a few, as well as there is a flame above Carrick Silverridge's head he later learns is a symbol of his visions for the future. They see people having true healing from the Bellringer faith.

While they are in a prayer a common man is let in, who is then killed by Crusader Troops. Those who could see the blessings see that there is spiritual worms coming out of the would be assassin.

## A Meeting Foretold

Learned Juan Diego Learned Emmanuel Nazaro are waiting for Carrick Silverridge. He notices that Juan Diego has a symbol over his head also showing he has the powers of prophecy. They say that they have foretold this meeting.

They give a few key information

The visions are given either from Star Gods such as the Bellringer or connection to the Worm Gods. Most of the Ferdors gained it from their connection to the Worm Gods

That the harder the prophesies push you the more violent the vision is.

One can force a vision, but you risk dying.

Learned Emmanuel Nazaro is a expert on House Henge and the old Kingdom of the East, he also notes there is a thought that there might have been a lost Enisen Kings house that was killed off before the coming of the first Bellringer Crusade.

## Meeting with the Generals of War

Grand Conquistador Santiago Abyaa General Paz Rodrego talk to Cynog Derth about the nature of war and the aspects of faith. Cynog Derth realizes that that Paz Rodrego took the lands that would belong to Lady Lyla Silverridge.

## Diplomatic Party

As Shivon Silverridge Carrick Silverridge goes to the meeting of the Almirn. They warn them of the killing of the Worm Gods supporter. Lady Myo Songprawati and Carrick Silverridge have a connection. She talks of the nature of the Worm Gods and how they are the interconnection of reality. They talk about where they would like to see in the country, lastly she notes that it is the habit of women in Almirn to memorize tales as the heavy moisture makes it that books dacay to quickly. She offers to sing a song of her tales with a guzheng.

## The Song of Creation

She sings a song telling the tale of The Beginning. The roll was very good an 18.

## Meeting with the Lord

Cynog Derth Conner Silverridge meet.

Cynog being part of the House Silverridge Has him hold the north, as even if Cynog does not take the seat his brother will not revolt.

House Covinggard he feels will start a revolt vs House Rivers and he fears that his war will destroy House Silverridge unless they get allies.

He needs Cynog, to train and invest Carrick Silverridge to hold the land when Conner Silverridge can not.

That the attack to get the child of House Wycliff will see if the Mercenaries of Pearstone Will have any value.

Conner also gives a few offers of what he will give Cynog if the war goes well.

# The Eastern Imperial Army

House Goycoa

3 trained units of Crusaders

House Gubau

6 green units of Crusaders

1 warship/transport

House Mookjai

1 unit of Dragon riders

1 green unit of Garillas

House Songprawati

1 Elite Dragonriders

1 Trained Dragonriders

1 Green Dragonriders

House Almirn

2 Veteran units of dragonriders

1 Ship

House Rolland

1 Trained unit raiders

1 Trained unit of Gorillas

1 Ship

# Post Game Caden Talking to Connor

Caden has a private meeting with Conner asking what is expected in the wars to come.

- To make sure that Carrick is perceived as a leader with successes.
- To make sure that Caden himself is perceived as a great warrior in the battles themselves.
- To make sure the secret raid on Ganymede is successful
- *even to the point of killing other domains troops to take their livery
- *There also was talk of maybe liberating other hostages and bringing them to Windbreak
- Conversations about Caden's Marriage prospects.

Caden also buys a Legendary Buckler.
