---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 56 (8-15-23)
summary: "Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-4
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2023-08-15
---

Session Number: 56

Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath

Date: 08-15-23

Key Locations: Northerton

Media:

Glory Gains:

Players Attending:

- Jennifer Wolfe (Siobhán Silverridge / Amund Henge)
- Laura Bee (Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert /Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich)
- Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix)
- Kenny Linden (Casimir Ramirez / Penelope Durand)
- Michael Kolb (Peter MacBravo)

== Before the Meetings ==

Peter talks to Siobhan and Timothy, key topics come to her wedding, and that it should not be allowed if she stays with White-Star.

There is also a strong debate with Casimir and the party about destroying Talion Ramierz and the possible loss of all the naval support. Casimir does not relent.

The come to an idea they are going to go and parlay with the Pirates on the pirate islands.

They also learn the 3 codes of the pirates

* You don't take more then your share

* you don't go angist your captains

* you don't go vs a pirate unless it would kill you.

There is also a strong push that Casimir has to work harder on being a Baron over a crusader..

== At the meeting with House Rolland ==

Thought he spy network, they learn that the Baroness is having Alaric Wycliff's child, and all the ringleaders the pirates have used to get information on the city. Peter openly tells Baroness Rolland that her domain may be given away by House Whitestar, to Silverrige. They are not overly excited that they are not part of the conversation. But if they can make a deal with the pirates to stop naval attacks they would agree to the transpher. They are quite livid though that they are not even told this by Timothy himself.

== Talk with Amund ==

Siobhan talks with tipsy Amund about the question of moving Henge. He feels that Henge may move if they were given a minor house status staying still in a Faymill. Siobhan does well to keep her loyalty to her Henge family.

== Caden riding with Ciaran Rolland ==

Ciaran tells him that he realizes that House Rolland needs Silverridge (though Wycliff). He wants House Wycliff fully expelled and Rolland fully under the protection of Silverridge.

== Update to House Whitestar ==

Peter gives an update to Timothy, and he supports the idea of the parlay with the pirates.

== Laya gets the Information ==

Laya after questioning one of the ringleaders gets a location for where Taions fleet would be. Laya gives the information to Casimir , but the the majority compels him not to attack as it might hurt the parlay. Laya is displeased by Casimir's lack of action. There is even an idea that they might poison the resupply. That is even thrown out as again it might hurt the parley.

Alaric is willing to take the group to the pirates.
