---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 78 (1-16-24)
summary: "Chapter: Chapter 5 : The Knight and the Dragon"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-6
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2024-01-16
---

Session Number: 78

Chapter: Chapter 5 : The Knight and the Dragon

Key Locations: Mullrose

Glory Gains:

Players Attending:

- Jennifer Wolfe ([Siobhán Silverridge](https://kdwiki.avorial.com/characters/siobh%C3%A1n_silverridge) / Amund Henge)
- Laura Bee ([Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert](https://kdwiki.avorial.com/characters/Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert) /Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich)
- Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix)
- Kenny Linden (Casimir Ramirez / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]])
- Michael Kolb (Peter MacBravo)
- Michael Stienbach (Julien Baptiste)

# Synopsis

In Game 78, a group of 500 trained prisoners from Bellwall, who previously fought in gladiator fights, arrive. The most qualified among them are granted a form of freedom to serve as soldiers wherever they are directed. These soldiers have a time limit within which they can be deployed.

Casimir engages in a conversation with Eloise, and Nathan brings up the topic of horses and navigating through the jungle. Tanya makes an entrance, and Julien agrees to join the group. Siobhan receives a note from Tanya, leading to an invitation to lunch.

During lunch, Julien encounters Viktor Anatov, a man he had sent to jail. Julien reveals that he had trained Siobhan's mother in the art of the blade and discusses thoughts on Duke Conner with the group.

Later on, the group learns about kaiju and butterfly-sized parasites that implant things. Casimir and Caden engage in a conversation with Freya Neilson, a Fedor knight fighting in Montimier. They discuss the potential war between Montimier and Almrin, and the role of the Gratzi prisoners as troops in this conflict.

Tanya meets with the cadre in a field, reading her correspondence. Through discussions with Siobhan, they consider the possibility that war may not occur with Almrin. An agreement is reached that Tanya will only enter the domains peacefully unless attacked. The question then arises about their next target, debating between an island nation (with Tanya knowing the location of the kayna) or making a move for the throne in Pearstone.
