---
category: event
type: event
name: Session 66 (10-24-23)
summary: "Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-4
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2023-10-24
---

Session Number: 66

Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath

Key Locations: Windbreak

Media:

Glory Gains:

Players Attending:

- Jennifer Wolfe (Siobhán Silverridge / Amund Henge)
- Laura Bee (Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert /Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich)
- Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix)
- Kenny Linden (Casimir Ramirez / Penelope Durand)
- Michael Kolb (Peter MacBravo)

# Pride and Politics

Pearstone - growing due to new merc barony

## Grace Pearstone

- does not suppport elevation of mercs - Wants to make alliances outside of domains increase noble blood rather than mercs - Jessica is the opposite, rather have lots of mercs fight, who cares, nobles rule - Grace's mom is Braserbuck, if Olivia died without an heir, Grace's father would become Duke (edited) - Grace's "shade" at Hans is that, even with all he tried, our mere presence returned rights the wrongs in the city. - Grace's father is James, FYI. Additionally, she has spent a small amount of time in Montimier, but not much. And she was hanging in Butterhill of late. - SHe likes to draw birds She is not good at drawing birds

## Jessica Vanderhoven

- NO shenanigans Is very confident
- Jessica is a smooth talker, trying to ingratiate herself to many of the PCs, not just Peter.
- Jessica is not herself a noble, her parents are. She is tied to the nobility of Pearstone and raised and educated in Mystwick. Is interested in working as a go between for the mercenaries and the duchy, a proxy to the army.
- Also, her family visited the Rhineharts in Deerholt in the day.

## Sophia Songraparti

- Sophia Songraparti cousin of Olivia Pearstone hopes to stop a war (yeah good luck)
- Mikado bodyguard
- Highly trained in Mikado, and in the homeland, would ahve been Tested if not first child
- Handmaiden to Mikado Empress, Her dad is Mio's uncle
- Sophia gifts Timothy and Shivon an automation/music box with a clockwork working of constellations setting over the sea (?) as a wedding gift. - The song that plays is the ancient song the Fedore used to sing in teh Maw to know if it was friend or foe. - The constellation is the symbol of house white star.
- The Mikado man is a noble, not a warrior
- Sophia is also well educated, both in the Mikado and in Gratzi, she is gifted in languages and likes creating codes for fun.

## Bella Almern

- Dope dragon armor
- Bella is sent as her father's proxy rather than her brothers.
- She does feel guilty that her pushing Casimir's insult perhaps got Teresa killed, and seeks to let bygones be bygones with Casimir.
- Talks shit about Gratsi

## Litilia Mookjai

- Three guards
- Dragon wrastlers
- Wants to preserve and elevate the Saltblood heritage
- She gives a baby protection anti evil eye harm to Siobhan, Pellist rainstick to Lyla
- She gives Lyla a Pellist 'rain stick', in that when you shake it it actually makes the room quietier.
- While lovely, she did not pick the gifts. Litilia's father chose them.
- Gives Casimir an obsidian dagger symbolizing sacrificing family
- Carrick is writing
- (with his bug finger hands)
- Was given phrases to reference to each people, fearing diplomatic fuck ups
- She is a diplomat and only knows as far as her dossier goes. If you push her deeper, she isn't as knowledgeable.
- Peter decides to ask about her peoples (edited)
- There are giant beasts in the jungle in Almerin...kaiju!
- Elephants?
- Mikado fleet attacked Monitimier ship and seriously damaged it forcing it to return to dry dock

She thinks Braserbucks are going to try and pull a Bennet

Raj Kapoor of the Pirate Council is Litilia Mookjai's uncle.

Also, the Braiserbucks are running an illicit drydock on the Montimier course.

## Daniel and Irma Eisenberg

Montimier's relative

- Brought gemstones as gifts for the wedding.
- Irma trained Hans.
- THe Eisenbergs brought more troops than Timothy into our land, and that tells us that they didn't send them to the war. They heard from Tonya Bennet's Red Spot that an army is on your board.

# Nikos Zenithos

Son of the Mayor of City of Handfast (edited)

Trained to be a Knight of Water left in shame because he thoughtTalmert were extremists (edited)

Wants to keep Silverridge out of Handfast, no matter who they side with.

Sazed is at the wedding, wearing the Mask of the Maw. It's the mask he's always worn, but Lyla now knows it as the Maw Mask that hides thoughts. Lyla walks up and calls him "Hristos." It's ambiguious if he's responding when he turns towards the sound of her voice.

He "gifts" Lyla a small pouch that contains a preserved oak leaf from the forest of Selene.

Angus Fedor, of THEE Fedors, had a wife named Harriet. Harriet fought by his side, giving his the support he needed to succeeded in making their way through the Maw.

It's used as an allegory of needing a strong partner to help you succeed.

Deeply propogandistic and jingoistic in favor of Fedor

Duchess Siobhan begins her reign with the completion of her marriage to Timothy
