---
category: event
type: event
name: Session 80 (1-30-24)
summary: "Chapter: Chapter 5 : The Knight and the Dragon"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-6
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2024-01-30
---

Session Number: 80

Chapter: Chapter 5 : The Knight and the Dragon

Key Locations: Jungles of Almern

Glory Gains:

Players Attending:

- Jennifer Wolfe ([Siobhán Silverridge](https://kdwiki.avorial.com/characters/siobh%C3%A1n_silverridge) / Amund Henge)
- Laura Bee ([Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert](https://kdwiki.avorial.com/characters/Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert) /Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich)
- Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix)
- Kenny Linden (Casimir Ramirez / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]])
- Michael Kolb (Peter MacBravo)
- Michael Stienbach (Julien Baptiste)

# Synopsis

**Events:**

- The party travels down a road and encounters rain.
- They go through a stone area, reach a plant-filled region, and stop to make a fire.
- Sovereign gains a cold and loses a shoe during the journey.
- A mysterious man named Ailani, backlit, approaches the party and speaks in saltblood. He mentions the dangers of the forest and the subject of Salazar and Litita.
- Ailani offers the group meat from a sloth they knocked from a tree. Casimir eats it, cooked in a substance referred to as cocaine.
- Ailani asks if the party has seen the lost gods in the jungle.
- The party discusses a helmet that seems to have infected Casimir with shadow glass.
- Ailani mentions Peter's mask, stating it belonged to people without reflections.
- They make a magic box to enclose masks.
- The party exchanges gifts, including a dropper showing various tattoos.
- Ailani explains the meaning of Siobhan's tattoos, related to justice.
- Julian receives a diamond.
- Siobhan is dehydrated, and the group encounters a dragon when getting water.
- Caden finds a new friend.
- Casimir and Sovereign discuss a mysterious helmet.
- Casimir realizes he's high on cocaine and is counteracted with opium.
- The party encounters someone in Esten armor from House Rhelya, the House of Shadow.
- They meet Lani Quangban, a child of House Quangban, who offers to help them get to the river on dragons.
- They reach Pannonia and meet Kahona Quangban.
- The environment is described with various fantastical creatures like elephants, giant flying squirrels, jaguars, seagulls, bats, and giant pillbugs.
- The party encounters a child named Black Dog, also known as Togo, who is curious about Peacekeepers and has lost his parents to bandits. Julien considers sponsoring him as a Squire of the Peacekeepers.
