---
category: event
type: event
name: Session 11 (8-15-22)
summary: "| Session Number: 11 | Chapter 1 The Barons of Silverridge | | --- |
  --- | | Date: 8-15-22 | Key Locations: | | Media: | Glory Gains: | | Players
  Attending: - Jennifer Wolfe (Siobh"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-1
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2022-08-15
---

| Session Number: 11 | Chapter 1 The Barons of Silverridge |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 8-15-22 | Key Locations: |
| Media: | Glory Gains: |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]] / [[Timothy-Whitestar|Timothy Whitestar]]) - Laura Bee ([[lyla_tarasovich-talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix) - Kenny Linden (Casimir Durand-Ramirez / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - D'artist ([[Tallion-Ramirez|Tallion Ramirez]]) |

# Events

The adventure started as the cadre is at Bellmore trying to decide if they would take the invitation of Fiona Silveroak to Orange Villa. They decide that they would first go to Wilhelmina Senjen's meeting with the Saffron Society.

## Saffron Society Meeting

After paying the money to [Wilhelmina Senjen a dog leads them to the meeting.

They meet a tanner who tells them a story of Imperial tax collectors, taking all of his wealth and jailing those who tried to right the wrong.

He has be part of the attacks on those who have been harmed.

The conversation goes more mystical, and they learn that any who submit to the god of the saffrons can be imbed with magic powers.

## Lunch at the Orange Villa

Bellringer Pellmore Green, Fiona Silveroak and Audry Caragin are at the villa in a strong contrast to their meeting with the saffron's this is the luxury of the nobility.

After some light playful seduction, they go to a meal where gifts are given

- *Lyla Silverridge - 2 of the magic arrows from their land.
- *Shivon Silverridge - A head covering in Silverridge colors.
- *Caden Mattix - A leather holster for his weapon
- *Carrick Silverridge  - A high quality scripting set.
- *Cynog Derth - a painting of his family before his brothers death
- *Gregory Apt Banille - A leash for his dog.

they leave the next day after promising to write one another.

## The Son and the Father

Cynog Derth Fredrick Derth have it out, with Cynog being accepted but not forgiven. They also talk about the fear that the Duke Connor Silverridge is manipulating a lot more then is noticed behind the scene.

## The Dark Knight

On the way to Faemill they meet Leon Blackwood on the road back, the dark history between him and Caden Mattix is hidden for the most part as Shivon Silverridge compels him to escort them back to Faemill to help him on his hunt for the horse Red Fox.
