---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 62 (10-3-23)
summary: "Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-4
visibility: players
approvalStatus: approved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: patricthomas via GM review
eventDate: 2023-10-03T00:00:00.000Z
---

Session Number: 62

Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath

Key Locations: Easterash

Media:

Glory Gains:

Players Attending:

- Jennifer Wolfe (Siobhán Silverridge / Amund Henge)
- Laura Bee (Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert /Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich)
- Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix)
- Kenny Linden (Casimir Ramirez / Penelope Durand)
- Michael Kolb (Peter MacBravo)

# Talking to House Rolland

First they talk to Ronan, as she hold the city and she says that the Baroness will return in the marrow. They wait until Baroness Rolland returns, and she says that her fiance was killed during the routing of the pirate leaders. The conversation does not go well but not disastrous.

# Sailing to Easterash

They sail to the edge of Easterash, and are given a symbol by Timothy to come and talk, Laya and the shadow guard come and Timothy says that they are all at Easterash but they have not barred the idea of silverridge people they just asked that Timothy leaves as he is a foreign army. They decide they will wait until morning and then enter the city.

# Coming to Easterash

As they come to Easterash, they see that the city has been set to burn. Laya leaves the group to stop the fires as the rest of the party goes to meet with House Wycliff.

During the meeting the general impression is that Wycliff would have left but they need to talk to Connor not his proxies. The group leaves as laya stops the prep for the fire, and only kills 2 guards.  
  
They start marching to Faymill.
