---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 25 (12-26-23)
summary: "| Session Number: 25 | Chapter 2 The Convocation at Mistwick | | --- |
  --- | | Date: 12-26-23 | Key Locations: | | Media: | Glory Gains: | | Players
  Attending: - Jennifer Wolfe (Si"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-2
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2023-12-26
---

| Session Number: 25 | Chapter 2 The Convocation at Mistwick |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 12-26-23 | Key Locations: |
| Media: | Glory Gains: |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]] / [[Timothy-Whitestar|Timothy Whitestar]]) - Laura Bee ([[lyla_tarasovich-talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix) - Kenny Linden (Casimir Durand-Ramirez / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - D'artist ([[Tallion-Ramirez|Tallion Ramirez]]) |

# Events

## Engagements

Carrick Silverridge Goes to Connor Silverridge to ask if he can marry Myo Songprawati he says he can, but he would recommend that he first have some sexual experience first.

## Evidence?

Caden Mattix also tells Connor Silverridge that as we have the sword that House Tarasovich used to attack Endulaudaus what should we do with it? Connor Silverridge recommends that it is thrown in the secret passage so we can deny that we have it.

## Outfits!

The men all get changed for the High Tea.

The women go to a room where the best dresses of the month are showed off

*Duchess Olivia Pearstone, Duchess Lucy Montmier and Duchess Mederia Almirn are also at the showing. But the players buy the best dresses

## High Tea

- Carrick Silverridge - *a conversation about him getting women happens at the table
- Caden Mattix - *He is able to make a strong showing about his military knowledge.
- Casimir Ramirez - *He talks about the crusades.
- Lyla Silverridge - *In talking to Daphne Polonsky She gives her recommendations on who she should marry. - **Gearld Lamonnes - **Hermes Rhelrya - **Luis Covinggard
- Shivon Silverridge

*Sits at the high table, where she makes some connections to Mercy Talmert and learns about the deep relationship of Duchess Olivia Pearstone, Duchess Lucy Montmier. But learns that many other people do not like Lucy Montmier
