---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 68 (11-08-23)
summary: "Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-4
visibility: players
approvalStatus: approved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: patricthomas via GM review
eventDate: 2023-11-08T00:00:00.000Z
---

Session Number: 66

Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath

Key Locations: Windbreak

Media:

Glory Gains:

Players Attending:

- Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]] / Amund Henge)
- Laura Bee ([[Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert|Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert]] /Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich)
- Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix)
- Kenny Linden (Casimir Ramirez / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]])
- Michael Kolb (Peter MacBravo)

---

# Synopsis

A fleet of ships, bearing the flag of Silveroak, arrives at the port, indicating the generous nature of the Silveroak faction, including the generous gift of a remarkable ship to Caden. Meanwhile, amidst the gatherings and exchanges, there is a covert conversation between Emmanuel Carrigan and Peter about the mysterious creatures of the Maw. Lyla welcomes the Silveroak group and offers them accommodation in Rory's personal house. At the port, Kristjan Covinggard, the Blood Prince of Covengguard, arrives seemingly to inspect the ships. In the city, there are reports of the Brazerbucks wandering around, possibly involved with the first contingent of peacekeepers, who are convening at the Twisted Rings, a local bookstore.

Amidst these events, Caden visits his non-noble family, and a heartwarming meeting occurs between Caden, Peter, Shivon, and Octavia. A touching moment ensues as Tristan, Caden's stepfather, gifts Siobhan with a special bell and bestows a Henge horse upon Caden. Additionally, concerns arise about Conner's health and the recent poisoning incident involving a sea serpent. [[Theodoros-Kolokotronis|Theodoros Kolokotronis]], an Esten Peacekeeper, reveals himself, hinting at future revelations without disrupting the ongoing festivities. As tensions rise, the last peacekeeper, Borin, is reported killed in a riot, and  [[Theodoros-Kolokotronis|Theodoros]] voices his disapproval of any heretical activities, throwing shade at certain individuals.

The storyline progresses with a momentous wedding ceremony, where [[Theodoros-Kolokotronis|Theodoros]] unexpectedly knights Caden, followed by the exchange of rings and a heartfelt letter delivered to Casimir from Penelope. Meanwhile, Peter uncovers a mysterious mask of the Maw people from his puzzle box, which reveals unsettling effects upon wearing it. Siobhan delves into the backstory of Kristjan, unraveling a tale of loss and curses. Additionally, a translated letter from the Saltblood speaks of a treaty and deepening connections, signifying potential changes and alliances to come. The events build anticipation for Shiobhan's upcoming interaction with Timothy, hinting at further plot developments in the future.

# Player Notes

Ships come into port flying the Silveroak flag.

Silveroak is being VERY generous

Offers the freaking super oak ship

Silveroak has given Caden, individually, a rather extraordinary gallon ship.

Emmanuel Carrigan insinuates to Peter details about the creatures of the maw, and speaks in code regarding the spy Peter installed and his on-going adventures.

Lyla greets the ladies, they apparently rented rooms at a really rough tavern

Lyla offers Rory's personal house to the Silveroak contingent rather than stay in an Inn in town.

Kristjan Covinggard

Kristjan, Blood Prince of Covengguard comes down to the port to seemingly meet the Silveroaks - but it's to see who the ship belongs too.

Sees the Brazerbucks wandering around super early

According to Peter's spies, meeting with first contingent of peacekeepers

They are meeting in the Twisted Rings, a local bookstore.

Sov is going

Sovereign is going to the Twisted Rings to "accidentally" meet up with the Baiersbrucks and casually see what they're up to with the new Peacekeepers.

Peacekeeper leader sounds young (younger than mid 20s)

This is the young man's voice who spoke with authority but was unrecognizable. (until Sov rolls)

[[Theodoros-Kolokotronis|Theodoros Kolokotronis]]

His name is ^ He is an Esten that was paid to be trained in Icehaven. That is how Sov knows him at least by sight.

He's probably a bastard child of notable wealth, but they kept it on the down-low, hence the training as a Peacekeeper.

Caden goes to see his mother/other side of his non-noble family.

Caden, Peter, and Shivon meet with Octavia. Octavia is adorable and must be protected at all times.

Tristan Caden's stepfather has a very cool bell and gives it Siobhan

Even better he has a Henge horse and gives to Caden

Octavia tells a brief but adorable story about how Young Caden liked to break things for both the curiosity of it and the shock factor of getting attention from others.

She is concerned about Conner's weight loss and ability to drink due to the loss of kidney from Mikado

Miles, Nathan, and Maisy Caden's are siblings

Maisy is Caden's sister.

Shivon offers, if Maisy is amenable to the idea, of offering her a position as a Lady of Her Acquaintance where Maisy may be in the company of noble (men) who may wish to curry favor by marrying Maisy.

Maisy seems amenable to this idea. And calls Shivon the "Princess of the East".

It is of note that Maisy does not have Blood of the Fedors.

Asks if they are part of the "Coalition of Salt"

Means Conner's People

Nathan Freehold Very good at close and mid-range combat, not great with animals. Going to be squired somewhere in Silverridge

Tanya is pulling a Wagner Group by recruiting prisoners to fight wars

Tells of a story about Malcolm coming back from "Journey" (to Sanctuary) and he didn't eat for weeks

Poison that affected Connor was a blood of a sea serpent

Octavia knows the "legend"/prophecy that Silverridge (Conner) went to sea for 90 days and came back in connection with the Blood of the Sea Serpent.

She knows that the Connor met with the sea serpent, Mikado got (milked?) venom from the sea serpent to kill Connor

Mikado wounded sea serpent and used the blood to poison him

Theodoros Kolokotronis introduces himself, primarily to Shivon. Insinuates he has news to share but at a later time, so as not to interrupt the festivities.

Last peacekeeper, Borin, was killed in a riot.

Theodosius discusses some of the battles of the Saffron Wars with Casimir. Particularly notes the incident with the Saffron's in the masks, says that it was a heresy trying to connect with the deep ones.

And then throws shade at Sov.

It's rude.

Asks Lyla if she will be knighted

Theodosius is not a 'fan' of any heresy. If you're going to be religious, he wants you to be of a primary strain. Veering off of a given path means you're capable of veering off any other path.

There aren't that many Esten Peacekeepers, but Theodosius is one.

Theodosius is a Vegetarian follower of an old god.

He is not a fan of Luis but isn't voicing against him (actually supports the other side though)

The wedding!

Theodosius stands up during the ceremony, hand on his sword, while approaching Caden. Lyla and Casimir stand, causing the rest of the crowd to stand as well. But it's cool, he's just going to Knight him. Yay!

Rings are exchanged! Caden is married! Yay!

Theodosius knights Caden, and then delivers a letter to Casimir from Penelope.

She will travel to Durand lands, secure things, then meet Casimir on the road

Peter opens his puzzle box to find a mask of the maw people.

Peter opens his puzzle box. It contains a note update an update from his Spymaster and a Maw People Mask.

Peter tries on the mask, because of course he does. As it leeches heat from his face he decides to take it off, and finds he doesn't enjoy drinking as much. The mask lessens both pleasure and pain.

Siobhan finds out about Kristjan's backstory, dead mom, shadow curse

Siobhan talks with Kristjan about his travel itinerary

Translated from Saltblood: On the 8th Day of the Feathered Serpent your message was received and by the connection and customs of our people we accept it with a heart full of blood and we graciously give you the outfit of nobility for we will be bound in a treaty of love (?) I know that there is many who have connected to your taste, but I am glad we are on not soft ground. Not unstable ground. We're on the same ground. I hope you take this with grace and I would like you to meet my family before we are permanently bound if at all possible. -- Letter for Peter, as translated by Eloise.

That letter was carved in wood and delivered with a fancy, painted onyx, scale coat, given in response to Peter's marriage proposal. Peter responded with appreciation and an eagerness to Latila's family.

Shiobhan conversation with Timothy next week, please.

Next Week Shiobon's first interaction is a discussion with Timothy.
