---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 20 (11-21-22)
summary: "| Session Number: 20 | Chapter 2 The Convocation at Mistwick | | --- |
  --- | | Date: 11-21-23 | Key Locations: | | Media: | Glory Gains: | | Players
  Attending: - Jennifer Wolfe (Si"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-2
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2022-11-21
---

| Session Number: 20 | Chapter 2 The Convocation at Mistwick |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 11-21-23 | Key Locations: |
| Media: | Glory Gains: |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]] / [[Timothy-Whitestar|Timothy Whitestar]]) - Laura Bee ([[lyla_tarasovich-talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix) - Kenny Linden (Casimir Durand-Ramirez / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - D'artist ([[Tallion-Ramirez|Tallion Ramirez]]) |

# Events

## Investing in the Dark

Conner Silverridge Sends a page to call Caden Mattix Carrick Silverridge. They follow the page in to the city of Greenmarble in this meeting he tells them that he has hired Cléménte Arava to protect Shivon Silverridge and kill the Dark Hunter. They meet Cléménte Arava who is a member of the Sicarius and prepare an identity for him as a Sheamus Ramirez.

## Road to Butterhill

They hear movement in the camp and see that House Almirn is breaking camp. Lady Myo Songprawati tells the party that palanquins are coming from Mistwick and that the Almirn is breaking camp to double time with the palanquins. Carrick Silverridge decides to talk to the members of House Bellkind, started with the Learned Juan Diego, they pick up a few books, but are encouraged to talk to a higher ranking noble. So they meet Count Stuart Gambu. He says that the members of House Bellkind do not need palanquins and will be stay with the troops.

Caden Mattix Carrick Silverridge give Conner Silverridge an update and he decides to split House Silverrige troops to not have either fully alone.

## Arrival at Butterhill

When they arrive at Butterhill the ruling house of Butterhill greets them at the gates.

- Baron Kendell Lamonnes
- Sir Timothy Lamonnes
- Lady Nicole Lamonnes-MacBavo
- Sir Howard Lamonnes
- Sir Gerald Lamonnes

After the group gives proper deference they are offered to go and enjoy the pleasures of the city. Conner Silverridge goes with Lady Myo Songprawati to a performance where they hear the tale of the birth of the Enisen people. They then decide to follow some rumors and go to a secret guild house of people that "steal men's souls". File:The Odd Fellows.png|300px|thumb|right|Crest of the Odd Fellows

## Meeting the Odd Fellow's

They come to a house with a symbol of a raven with an arrow across it. After guessing the secret code, they get access. When they get there they have to put their weapons in a trunk and mask themselves, there are 2 masks one for "Petitioners" and one for "Members" they take the red masks of "Petitioners" and in looking around

Carrick Silverridge takes a bite of dried fruit.

Cléménte Arava finds a book that seems to be exactly what they are looking for Shadow Weapons of the Kanya‎

They leave after a small conversation and an offer to see something special at dawn, they realize that Carrick Silverridge is the first son of a noble family.

## Learning the Secrets of the Dark Hunter

In reading the book, they learn the secrets of the Kanya, and catch up to Shivon Silverridge and with her information realize that she was likely meant to be recruited in to the Kanya and more of a discovery, That Sir Hans Rhienheart may already be a blooded member of the Kanya. They Run to Conner Silverridg to tell him that Windbreak is being guarded by a spy.

## Awaking Connor

When they get to Conner Silverridg's inn, they are stopped by Silverridge Guards. Carrick Silverridge pushes his way though, and obviously was in a moment with Doamna Bree Liban. During the meeting they express everything that has happened Conner Silverridg tells the group that they got the book from is called Odd Fellow's, He seems to be very worried that they have done something with the group, such as eating, the conversation moves on to the fear that Baronet Peter McBavo may also be part of the cult with Hans Rhienheart. Conner Silverridg as Peter McBavo is with the army has him called to the room. Conor pretends to be drunk, and challenging Peter McBavo to a arm wrestling challenge. Showing that Peter McBavo does not have a tattoo. (As a random note, Conor wins) After he leaves Conner Silverridg declares that he will send Cynog Derth with a group of mercenaries back to Windbreak to watch Sir Hans Rhienheart to protect their home. Carrick Silverridge explains that none of this can be public or it will destroy the house, as we enter the diplomatic meetings.
