---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 48 (6-13-23)
summary: '| Session Number: 48 | Chapter: [Chapter 3 "The Saffron Society
  War"](https://kdwiki.pothomas.com/mediawiki/index.php?title=Category:Chapter3%22TheSaffronSocietyWar%22)‎
  | | --- | '
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-3
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2023-06-13
---

| Session Number: 48 | Chapter: [Chapter 3 "The Saffron Society War"](https://kdwiki.pothomas.com/mediawiki/index.php?title=Category:Chapter_3_%22The_Saffron_Society_War%22)‎ |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 6-13-23 | Key Locations: Hedgehill |
| Media: [youtube](https://youtu.be/V7YB8j_TRZw) | Glory Gains: |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]]  / [[amund_henge|Amund Henge]] )) - Laura Bee ([[Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt ([[Caden-Mattix|Caden Mattix]]) - Kenny Linden ([[casimir_ramirez|Casimir Ramirez]] / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - Noah Miller ([[Boris-Rameriz|Boris Rameriz]]) |

# Back at the Camp

They make it back to the encampment, and meet up with Conor Silverridge and Rory Silverridge. They give the update of what they learned at the Saffron Society camp. Connor then updates the Cadre, that the Duke of Bellkind, offred 50 silver for evidence on who was involved in the Mikado Captains prison break. It seems that men of Talion Ramirez have given up information on them being involved. Since then the key members of Silverridge have been under hiding with the aid of [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]. They know at any time they could be called up for giving evidence, that could lead to a trial of House Silverridge.

There are also strong questions on if Windbreak is in the hands of the Kayna, or the Saffrons, or the Saffron Socitey? It's really up in the air.

## 3 People to talk to?

### Teressa Wycliff

They go to talk to Teressa Wycliff who confirms that Sofiya Baranova has not come to the camp and has not return. She also notes that Sofiya is not an ally of Luis Covinggard. Tressa also explains that Connor Silverridge is not as immune as they think, because there is also Timothy Whitestar here he can be made leader of the Crusader Troops.

She also tells them that the saffron troops are likely to be pulled into Faymill as the fighters are being held by Bellmoor. She is also clear that Talion Ramirez is supported by the pirate kings, and they will not hunt him down.

Teressa hears about the ritual started of the hundreds of people of the safforn society, but does not have the magical knowledge to give information on it, and recommends they talk to the tested.

There was a question on if other spy networks would be willing to go to war with the Red Spot. Teressa does not recommend an open war vs the spy network.

### [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]

[[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn]], tells the cadre that he has been hiding the Silverridges, when he tells the cadre, that they will be picked up if they walk the streets, Casimer says he needs to speak to Luis Covinggard. [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn]] says that he will send for him. He greatly advices to not confront Luis, but Casimer will not bend.

### Luis Covinggard

Luis and his cadre comes and arrests the party for questioning. They tell him that Sofiya Baranova has been seen behind enemy lines. He turns the conversation over to Casimir's honor, as he his going for questioning maybe he should not be accusing a Peacekeeper. His cadre takes the weapons of the party.    
  
Lyla realizes that Luis has his sword of office on the wrong side.

After a conversation walking through the streets, Luis gives Casimer a dagger to hide. The fact that Luis is breaking the law is very unusual. Luis also confronts Casimir about his accusation when he learns that Casimir did not personally see any of the crimes.

# The Trial & Announcements

Endulaudaus calls the trial and starts to question Casimer, while the trial goes poorly, Duke Connor Silverridge and stands and takes over the defense. He show the proof that Talian demanded a pact that they were not part of the crusader troops, and that they were not under the orders of any crusader. Getting them off the trial because of the information provided.

Endulaudaus then tells the collected people, that the Emperor has fallen in to coma, that Douglas Sherman has returned to the imperial city of Oldwyn to take regency of the young emperor. He also notes that all the peacekeepers need to be reinvested by the child emperor, and that he hopes people respect their previous title.

Most people realize while they are still in the middle of the saffron war, that civil war is also very likely.
