---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 57 (08-22-23)
summary: "Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-4
visibility: players
approvalStatus: approved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: patricthomas via GM review
eventDate: 2023-08-22T00:00:00.000Z
---

Session Number: 57

Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath

Date: 08-22-23

Key Locations: Northerton

Media:

Glory Gains:

Players Attending:

- Jennifer Wolfe (Siobhán Silverridge / Amund Henge)
- Laura Bee (Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert /Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich)
- Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix)
- Kenny Linden (Casimir Ramirez / Penelope Durand)
- Michael Kolb (Peter MacBravo)

=Cas talks to Capitan Wycliff=

He talks to the captain about trying to find away to kill Talion, Captain Wycliff is very worried about this creating a problem with the truce they will be going there under, Casimir asks then instead on how to get Talion to duel him. That seems to work for a plan but Wycliff is very clear about violence vs Talion will create major pushback.

=Dominike Martain asks Cas to Duel someone?=

Dominike Martain has a commoner get Cas to meet him and after some pleasantries, they talk about how he feels that his woman has been with another man. He asks Cas if he would duel the man when they find him, and in exchange they would give the support to build the walls in his domain.. He says he will not, and Dominike is upset thinking that the man who is sleeping with his betrothed must be a supporter of the Silverridges. The conversation ends poorly.

=On the Boat=

They get on the boat to the Pirate Isles, and then talk about what has been happen, and Peter sees the poison that made his mother insane, he goes to a private side to talk to Siobhan. As everything is told by Cas everyone makes it clear to him that he should not attack Talion until they get him to aggress.

=The Black Scorpions Arrive=

As the pirates come in site,  Captain Wycliff asks for a parlay to go to the pirate ilse. Due to bad weather it takes them 3 days.
