---
category: event
type: event
name: Session 50 (6-28-23)
summary: "| Session Number: 50 | Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath | | --- |
  --- | | Date: 6-28-23 | Key Locations: Bridgevale | | Media:
  [Audiofile](https://castbox.fm/episode/id5032702-"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-4
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2023-06-28
---

| Session Number: 50 | Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 6-28-23 | Key Locations: Bridgevale |
| Media:  [Audiofile](https://castbox.fm/episode/id5032702-id608481505?utm_source=podcaster&utm_medium=dlink&utm_campaign=e_608481505&utm_content=Kingdom%20Divided%20Episode%2050-CastBox_FM) | Glory Gains: |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]]  / [[amund_henge|Amund Henge]] )) - Laura Bee ([[Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt ([[Caden-Mattix|Caden Mattix]]) - Kenny Linden ([[casimir_ramirez|Casimir Ramirez]] / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - Noah Miller ([[Boris-Rameriz|Boris Rameriz]]) |

# The Selling of A Dream

Penelope & Casimir, go and meet up with Titus Covenguard, convincing him that [[House-Durand|House Durand]] will stand by [[House-Covinggard|House Covenguard]] if war comes. Titus does not trust they will without writing it down. They give him the “keys” to House Durand, but they are just some normal keys.

[[siobhán_silverridge|Sioban]] talks to [[Boris-Rameriz|Boris Rameriz]], about what they hopes they have to deal with the future. They are going to get a drug to help Caden, and [[Boris-Rameriz|Boris Rameriz]] says that he will push to take over the tested in [[House-Silverridge|Silverridge]]from Emogen. After that meeting she goes to talk to Timothy, she finds him with in an argument with House [[house_silveroak|Silveroak]], who was owed to become a banner. With the rumors of House [[House-Henge|Henge]]joining [[House-Whitestar|House Whitestar]], makes him feel they will be bypassed again. [[siobhán_silverridge|Sioban]]tells Timothy of the [[Kanya|Kayna]], and that the plan is to go to Windbreak and convince Hans to submit. They will go by sail. Timothy will send troops marching on Windbreak, and declare the wedding there.

# A meeting of the Rings

Nola Holt takes a meeting with Boris, who asks how to take care of beetles for Caden, and tries to get information from her about Imogen, and the nature of [[House-Silverridge|Silverridge's]]tested.

# The Old World, New Revolts.

Lyla meets with Dutchess [[house_talmart|Mercy]]. The conversation explains, that house talmart has troops left behind, they are preparing for war. Also that she knows very well the purpose and connections of the Collation of Shadows. She also implies that she holds her “duchy" title to the rivers but that is not her obligation to the esten people. They also note that there is something special in the woods of [[House-Silverridge|Silverridge]]that [[House-Montmier|Montimer]]wants..

# Boris meets with Conor

To get his support and to tell him that he feels that Carrick is not a lost cause and he feels he a can aid him in to being a leader, he has written a book about it.

There is a dinner, where Timothy and Casimir is there, Timothy offers to give the tuition of his first son to go to the academy at Icehaven. Conversation moves to letting the mikado attack the enemies of the eastern houses. Casimir then makes references to the idea that [[House-Almirn|almern]]is “animal fuckers” creating a conflict and ending the meal.
