---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 38 (04-2-23)
summary: "| Session Number: 38 | Chapter: 3 The Saffron Society War | | --- |
  --- | | Date: 04-2-23 | Key Locations: | | Media: | Glory Gains: | | Players
  Attending: - Jennifer Wolfe (Siobhá"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-3
visibility: players
approvalStatus: approved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: patricthomas via GM review
eventDate: 2023-04-02T00:00:00.000Z
---

| Session Number: 38 | Chapter: 3 The Saffron Society War |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 04-2-23 | Key Locations: |
| Media: | Glory Gains: |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]] / [[Timothy-Whitestar|Timothy Whitestar]]) - Laura Bee ([[lyla_tarasovich-talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix) - Kenny Linden (Casimir Durand-Ramirez / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - D'artist ([[Tallion-Ramirez|Tallion Ramirez]]) |

# Events

## Visions

Carrick sees 3 islands, representing the 3 armies. He looks at "conners" island, and he sees that one part of conners troops will fail, and that if they are not reenforced they will bring down the rest of the army. Carrick tells Conner and they try to think of ways to overcome the vision of failure. There is a push to break up the Henge Calvary to be messengers but no final decision is made. The talk of changing military strategy, based on visions creates conflict with the Gold Blades units. They are eventually talked down.

## The Odd Fellows

As a few days ago there was another vision based on the odd fellows, they decide to go and investigate them deeper. They learn that they are primarily a noble and merchant class group that investigates lost lore and power.

They go to the Odd Fellows, take the masks of Petitioners and enter they ask a member Awen Penhale

* Some players note that her name is the name of one of the reborn near windbreak!*

File:Awen Penhale.png|thumb|Awen Penhale for a private meeting, and she takes them to a room in the back.

1. They don't openly support the Saffrons, but they do pay them for information that they feel might be lost as they are destroyed by the crusader armies.
2. They return the book they took, and conversations moves to Kanya magics, and she confirms many of the other information they have gathered, but there is also a way that guild masters have a way to take the energy away without adoption.
3. About Mikado curses, that the easiest ways to remove their curses is by a blessing from a Mikado, but also bellringer leadership have the power to remove the curses as well.
4. There is conversations about Carrick joining the Odd Fellows, and he takes a coin representing that he has been vetted but he would have to come later when he has made a final choice.

They then leave as Carrick reads a book about the powers used by the tested to go to other planets.

While they are waiting, They meet Eanulf of Dorhaven who is sheriff of Dorhaven, he is here with this father because they are sending a letter to his daughter who is a Saffron General.

File:Eanulf of Dorhaven.png|thumb|Eanulf of Dorhaven

They also hear, Sir Mathias Ackeret asking for the identifying of Great Sword of Götz they are told that it is a old sword of royalty by the House of Stone.

File:Mathias Ackeret.png|thumb|Mathias Ackeret
