---
category: event
type: event
name: Session 07 (7-19-22)
summary: "| Session Number: 7 | Chapter 1 The Barons of Silverridge | | --- |
  --- | | Date: 7-19-22 | Key Locations: | | Media:
  [audiofile](https://castbox.fm/episode/id5032702-id520824361?u"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-1
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2022-07-19
---

| Session Number: 7 | Chapter 1 The Barons of Silverridge |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 7-19-22 | Key Locations: |
| Media: [audiofile](https://castbox.fm/episode/id5032702-id520824361?utm_source=podcaster&utm_medium=dlink&utm_campaign=e_520824361&utm_content=Kingdom%20Divided%20Episode%206-CastBox_FM) | Glory Gains: |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]] / [[Timothy-Whitestar|Timothy Whitestar]]) - Laura Bee ([[lyla_tarasovich-talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix) - Kenny Linden (Casimir Durand-Ramirez / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - D'artist ([[Tallion-Ramirez|Tallion Ramirez]]) |

# Events

While still on the Griffon's Beak, they are having a dinner with Decker Wycliff they ask him about his sister Terresa Wycliff it is determined that she the spymaster of House Wycliff and is mysterious. Right after the dinner Carrick Silverridge enters a prophetic dream.

''The dream, shows a golden fork become a hand and the hand is cut off.''

This brings up the history of Divination.

Enisen mystics use drugs to take them in to this state to see the future.

House Derth, has a tradition that many who in a berserker rage would come out with knowledge of the bellringer in the future.

Church of the Bells mystics, while they also have these visions can never hear anything, as its believed that the ringing of the bell gives them this sight.

When they get to the docks of Esterash, they see a group from the Saffron Isles unloading cargo, and the dockmaster is merely a corpse that people use as a joke.

They go as a group to the tavern, but are accosted by a urchin. They chase the urchin, to find him in an ally attacked by the Gold Blades. They are a group of knights that intact hard justice of cutting hands off thieves. They take the urchin after giving him medical aid. Stopping at the Brewers Brothers Tavern run by Hylar Artion. They take a room and leave guards, but the urchin escapes in the dark. One thing of note, is they see a candle in the distance next to a pomegranate.

The next day they go a near by bookstore called Mandie's Secret Knowledge, there they get 2 books.

*Legends of the Sea God of the East

*List of the Witches burned by the Rivers Dynasty

Shivon Silverridge also tries to get in touch with the urchin who hand was taken, and learns that the town is totally in fear of the Gold Blades

Cynog Derth went to the docks and talked to the ship that brought the Saffron Isles people, and they said they were sailing north in to House Rivers Domain, to the city of Icehaven.

They come up to a statute of Icarus Prince of Thieves that is adored with thieves hands. They then arrive at House  Wycliff's fort. They meet Count Aiden Wycliff Countess Satine Wycliff. They talk about the Gold Blades and then Spymaster Terresa Wycliff arrives.
