---
category: event
type: event
name: Session 37 (03-28-23)
summary: "| Session Number: 37 | Chapter: 3 The Saffron Society War | | --- |
  --- | | Date: 03-28-23 | Key Locations: | | Media: | Glory Gains: | | Players
  Attending: - Jennifer Wolfe (Siobh"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-3
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2023-03-28
---

| Session Number: 37 | Chapter: 3 The Saffron Society War |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 03-28-23 | Key Locations: |
| Media: | Glory Gains: |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]] / [[Timothy-Whitestar|Timothy Whitestar]]) - Laura Bee ([[lyla_tarasovich-talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix) - Kenny Linden (Casimir Durand-Ramirez / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - D'artist ([[Tallion-Ramirez|Tallion Ramirez]]) |

# Events

## The Ambush

As the characters attempt to negotiate, Carrick enters a fit, conversation breaks down and a fight ensues. Carrick and Shivon are shot and are bleeding as the group fights back. They eventually overcome the attackers and take their leader as a prisoner.

## Noteworthy events

* Carricks hair burst in to fire and made the saffron troops glow?

* A huge war beetle came from the ground and while it was killed it had some mysterious glowing blood

* a few people heard the bells but did not tell the others.

## Medical Attention

They spend a day making sure their wounds are all healed before starting to question their prisoner.

How to ask a question?

Casimir tries to torturer answers out of the man, who hands they have already cut off. But finds little success. Caden takes the group aside and tells those who had not experinced what they had heard of other saffron people.

* They feel that they will change the views of the country, even if they lose this war.

* They felt the death of the PC's that the war's armies would have broken up.

* He came from Hexham where his family was abused by the bellringers.

### When Timmothy and Conner come in,

* They learn that there is a fault in Wargem's walls that the Saffrons where going to destroy.

* At handfasted there is a storehouse of weapons.

* At Ganymene there are spies in General Sermamans court that is given military secrets to the safforns.
