---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 22 (12-6-22)
summary: "| Session Number: 22 | Chapter 2 The Convocation at Mistwick | | --- |
  --- | | Date: 12-6-23 | Key Locations: | | Media: | Glory Gains: | | Players
  Attending: - Jennifer Wolfe (Sio"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-2
visibility: players
approvalStatus: approved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: patricthomas via GM review
eventDate: 2022-12-06T00:00:00.000Z
---

| Session Number: 22 | Chapter 2 The Convocation at Mistwick |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 12-6-23 | Key Locations: |
| Media: | Glory Gains: |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]] / [[Timothy-Whitestar|Timothy Whitestar]]) - Laura Bee ([[lyla_tarasovich-talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix) - Kenny Linden (Casimir Durand-Ramirez / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - D'artist ([[Tallion-Ramirez|Tallion Ramirez]]) |

# Events

## Outcast? or Other? Brothers Divided

Lyla Silverridge, tells the cadre that she had a good conversation with House Talmert. As they are talking a knight stands his waiting for the party to acknowledge him. Sir Vlad Becker is brought forward and asks if Caden Mattix would be willing to talk to the nobles of House Montmier.

Cléménte Arava sneaks over to the House Bennet area, and pretends to be the cupbearer. He then hears a few bits of information.

They are using secret codes (directly to House Pearstone

They are somehow knowledgeable of the bandit raids on the nobles going on the roads

That they also change places with one another.

Caden Mattix goes over to the Duke Charles Montmier Duchess Lucy Montmier they offer him

To be named a Knight of House Bennet

They are willing to give an oath that he will never have to work vs his family

That if expansion comes they will give him a Barony of Handfasted.

## Flowers for Blunt Conversations

The cadre, on their way to House Montmier are met, House Upperton meets them first. Baroness Xena Upperton, Sir Peter Upperton, Lady Clarissa Upperton meets with them as they wait. The impression goes well, Them talking about the Tested's influence on the Empire saying that they are basically running the country. They are reminded of the Pact of Gold where the tested were given power over the bureaucracy.

Then with Xena Upperton pushing on Lyla Silverridge that the attack on Selḗnē.

They then meet with Duke Charles Montmier Duchess Lucy Montmier. The Duchess is very charming with everyone, telling the girls that she has some fine dresses and that she will invite them to a high tea with Duchess Oliva Pearlstone.

Duke Charles Montmier realizes that Cléménte Arava has a fake identity, but it is covered up, That he works for the Pomegranate Seeds. Conversation then turns quickly, to the war.

*He offers to defend House Silverridge in an attack on Northton to take the northern rivers.

*In exchange that he will not attack House Montmier if they attacked House Almirn

*They imply that House Talmart will support the war, as well as they say they have a way to deal with the Dragon Riders

## The Yellow Fog

They meet in a private room to have give the update, of Caden Mattix being given an offer to join House Montmier. While that is happening.

File:Yellow Fog.jpg|300px|thumb|right|Yellow Fog

A yellow fog starts to roll in as the troops morale begins to waiver, the cadre races to the House Silverridge Camp. They are met by Sir Rory Silverridge who takes them in, with an offer from the House Talmert asking if Lyla Silverridge will aid them in assassinating General Paz Rodrego.

The party decides to split, with Shivon Silverridge Carrick Silverridge staying behind as they go forward. Following the magic stone Lyla Silverridge meets up with a group of House Thalorin Water knights.

File:House Thalorin Water Knights.jpg|300px|thumb|right|House Thalorin - Water Knights

They take the party though the waters to Paz Rodrego's camp. Cléménte Arava Sneaks up and takes out the first guards, as they then break in to the tent, and take out the rest of them. With Lyla Silverridge killing Paz Rodrego. One of the Water knights was killed. But they were able to escape. Just as the bellringer priests were able to break the fog. They also learned that the castle was attacked by having tornados drop rocks on the castle.
