---
category: event
type: event
name: Session 55 (08-8-23)
summary: "| Session Number: 55 | Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath | | --- |
  --- | | Date: 08-8-23 | Key Locations: Northerton | | Media:
  [podcast](https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-4
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2023-08-08
---

| Session Number: 55 | Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 08-8-23 | Key Locations: Northerton |
| Media:  [podcast](https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fcastbox.fm%2Fepisode%2FKingdom-Divided-Session-55-id5032702-id623254574%3Fcountry%3Dus%26fbclid%3DIwAR3_jykr44Ew7xqjPyjAi2T_D-N5EEm9UVAN6Fu1hejgcRYY5IIiNgWu6dk&h=AT3qH-QjNfH8fEh2YB10ZNiTYfGVqr1wArMpaGGIay731JetX9DBNNwtIGmU2wWvugcwLNuUSj-qfaotK5G6Ht1e7IchBVhYRHMyDHBxnRcbe5s-ekIQD58wPnwpaoZ9J4M) | Glory Gains: |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]]  / [[amund_henge|Amund Henge]] )) - Laura Bee ([[Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt ([[Caden-Mattix|Caden Mattix]]) - Kenny Linden ([[casimir_ramirez|Casimir Ramirez]] / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - Michael Kolb (Peter MacBravo) |

They start by sailing up the river and they find 3 ships that have been sunk. After investigating they learn that these were Imperial Ships under the command of House Sherman. They were sunk by pirates of the “Black Scorpion Brotherhood”. The ships had gone to the Lands of Kadal and stopped at a city named “Dash”. What they were able to take from the ship was:

- A ships log
- A magic scroll case that is a puzzle that is easier to open the more you are  like the person who it was indented to open (the presumption is General Sherman)
- A bronzed magic sword that regrows trees and has prey animals be reborn has these names on it. - Ormanhatun & Hayvanşah
- A Bronzed chainmail that has extra protection from wood (arrows and clubs) but no protection from metal. There is some debate on if this is a religious item or just a high quality one.

They then go by land to Northerton, first stopping at a fur trader. After getting information about the pirates breaking the blockade, They stop by the merchant and Siobhan gets a muff and Casimir gets a Bear Skin Hat.

They walk though the city until they get to House Rolland villa.

They are greeted warmly but given time to clean up.

Peter during this time gets a message from his spies that the head of House Silveroak may be the older bastard brother of Timothy Whitestar.

The State Dinner

- Caden - Talks to Ciaran Rolland as they have a relationship. They talk about their impending weddings and the conflicts in the town. He also realizes that Cliodhna Rolland hates Alaric "Ironhook" Wycliff for some unknown personal reason. He also is told about a group of islands that the pirates regroup on.
- Casimir - He talks to Alaric "Ironhook" Wycliff, who gives him information on the “Black Scorpion Brotherhood”, but is other conversation with Colm Ironwood tells him that they are run by Tailion Remeriz father.
- Lyla - Talks to Rhiannon O'Brian the seneschal of Northerton, she notes that her father was a peacekeeper killed by Leon Blackwood. They start a friendship.
- Peter - Talks to the Baroness Muireann Rolland, (who they start to realize is pregnant) She asks him if he could use his contacts to route out the spies of the pirates attacking the city.
- Siobhan - Just works on getting a bettter relationship with Baroness Muireann Rolland.

Next game will start with that meeting of Peters.
