---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 47 (5-30-23)
summary: '| Session Number: 46 | Chapter: [Chapter 3 "The Saffron Society
  War"](https://kdwiki.pothomas.com/mediawiki/index.php?title=Category:Chapter3%22TheSaffronSocietyWar%22)‎
  | | --- | '
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-3
visibility: players
approvalStatus: approved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: patricthomas via GM review
eventDate: 2023-05-30T00:00:00.000Z
---

| Session Number: 46 | Chapter: [Chapter 3 "The Saffron Society War"](https://kdwiki.pothomas.com/mediawiki/index.php?title=Category:Chapter_3_%22The_Saffron_Society_War%22)‎ |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 5/30/23 | Key Locations: Saffon Society Windmill |
| Media: [youtube](https://youtu.be/xX-mvMbhlW8) | Glory Gains: |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]]  / [[amund_henge|Amund Henge]] )) - Laura Bee ([[Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt ([[Caden-Mattix|Caden Mattix]]) - Kenny Linden ([[casimir_ramirez|Casimir Ramirez]] / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - Noah Miller ([[Boris-Rameriz|Boris Rameriz]]) |

# The Next Day at the Windmill

The group talks for a while, about what they will do with the knowledge that  [[Sofyia Baranova|Sofyia Baranova]], is here with [[Samson Kreeg|Samson Kreeg]]. They decide to wait it out to try to get more information. Boris tells the group of the multiple factions in the peacekeepers

- Shepherds - It is their job to move people to be less criminals not put everyone on trial
- Judges - Demands active informant of the law
- Executioners - They believe that only by brutal example that the country will become law-abiding.

## Breaking the Fast

[[Amund Henge|Amund Henge]] ) goes to a group of the mercenary leaders and wins a bit of money. The rest of the group decides to talk to the masses, learning that this windmill is a reinforcement place to refresh the armies. They see the support of the local population but it's hard to tell if they are under destress.  They realize that at least in the mercenaries that they don't know that[[Samson Kreeg|Samson Kreeg]] is here? Also they are able to not be noticed by [[Sofyia Baranova|Sofyia Baranova]], as she leaves.  The troops note that other minor nobles are going supporting the saffrons to gain power in the future regime.

## The Walking March

They see a large group of a few hundred, older common folk walking though the camp, they ask a priest and he says they preparing themselves to be a ritual of the rod. Where they go to a places and their god will strike a few but take the energy of all. During this conversation they decide to go and look at a saffron ritual, but leave before they are effected Boris takes a saffron prayer book. This is also when they are told that Windbreak has fallen and will be where the Mikado allies will land.

## Sneaking in, and out, and in?

Lyla first shoots down a saffron lightning rod, and then sneaks in the area where, [[Samson Kreeg|Samson Kreeg]] is, but has to start killing people to stop the alarm from being raised. After killing a few she has to flee but the camp is in uproar. With the fall of the rod, the war beetles start losing control. The party decides to and “rescue” her but as she has already escaped they kill a few more and then run.
