---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 51 (07-11-23)
summary: "| Session Number: 51 | Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath | | --- |
  --- | | Date: 07-11-23 | Key Locations: Bridgevale | | Media:
  https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id5032702?"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-4
visibility: players
approvalStatus: unapproved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: AI bulk import
eventDate: 2023-07-11
---

| Session Number: 51 | Chapter: Chapter 4 : The Held Breath |
| --- | --- |
| Date: 07-11-23 | Key Locations: Bridgevale |
| Media:  https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id5032702?v=8.22.11&autoplay | Glory Gains: |
| Players Attending:    - Jennifer Wolfe ([[siobhán_silverridge|Siobhán Silverridge]]  / [[amund_henge|Amund Henge]] )) - Laura Bee ([[Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert|Lyla Tarasovich-Talmert]] / [[Soverighn-Ides-Lev-Tarasovich|Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich]]) - Damon Dewitt ([[Caden-Mattix|Caden Mattix]]) - Kenny Linden ([[casimir_ramirez|Casimir Ramirez]] / [[Penelope-Durand|Penelope Durand]]) - Noah Miller ([[Boris-Rameriz|Boris Rameriz]]) |

# Sidelined  Meetings

Caden, tries to meet with Connor but he is in dispose, and he has to meet with Rory. Hoping that we could connect to Covenguard. Rory does not think that play will work, but he encourges that the people make alliances with the Convenguard banners to help that connection.

# This is fucked.. You know like an Animal

Casimir walks out of his bedroom to find that Almirn and Songrapridi guards. This group is led by Lady Bella Almirn, and Baron Valence Songprawati. While on the edge of violence, the cadre arrives and the meeting moves into House Durand's chambers. After some less then valed threats over the safety of Baron Carrick Silverridge.

They ask Casimir if what he said was misheard or that he did not say it. He says he did. They respond quickly in to then saying she would like a duel to the death over the honor of House Almern and their banners.

They will wait until sunset before leaving.

Boris remembers some historcial aspects and the group decides they will pay for his life 300 silver to make this problem go away. But the fear that the alliance will break is strong.

# Fuel to the fire

As they are waiting Tayna Lambardo-Bennet comes and says that she gave the information to the almern, that she wants still to work with the Silverridge. That the 2 campaigns the Montimer want to do both have great propaganda behind it. First with the Almern being supporters of the mikado, and the bellkind being a safe haven for pellsits.

The group says they will get back to her.

They then meet up with Rory and he feels that the Tayna choice is good but dangerous he feels that they don't have a message of their own and are likely to fail until they get one.

They think about Tresa Wycliff leaving the party also making them even weaker even thought they understand they have mistreated her.

# The Grassy Knoll

As they go to the meeting to patch up the problems with the Almirn, Tresa Wyciff comes (even though she had said she was leaving the city) as she arrives from a tower Sazed a leader in the Red Spot of Montimer, kills Tressa with a crossbow bolt. Laya climbs the building and tries to get to Sazed she fails and meets up with Rory and a group of troops.
