---
category: game
type: game
name: Session 86 (5-20-24)
summary: "Chapter: Chapter 5 : The Knight and the Dragon"
tags:
  - session
  - chapter-6
visibility: players
approvalStatus: approved
knownToPlayers: true
keyLinks: []
aliases: []
lastEditedBy: patricthomas via GM review
eventDate: 2024-05-20T00:00:00.000Z
---

Session Number: 86

Chapter: Chapter 5 : The Knight and the Dragon

Key Locations: Greybell

Glory Gains:

Players Attending:

- Jennifer Wolfe ([Siobhán Silverridge](https://kdwiki.avorial.com/characters/siobh%C3%A1n_silverridge) / Amund Henge)
- Laura Bee ([Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert](https://kdwiki.avorial.com/characters/Lyla_Tarasovich-Talmert) /Soverighn Ides Lev Tarasovich)
- Damon Dewitt (Caden Mattix)
- Michael Kolb (Peter MacBravo)
- Michael Stienbach (Julien Baptiste)

# Synopsis

**Search for Casimir**:

- Casimir is missing, prompting Caden to organize a search.
- Peter prefers breakfast over the search, but eventually, Caden and Casimir return.
- Casimir was attacked and found in a shell-shocked state, hinting at an encounter with House Vathi.

**Casimir’s Encounter and Departure**:

- Casimir had a disturbing experience with House Vathi, known for inciting uncontrollable passions.
- Feeling ashamed and having failed to stay faithful to his wife, Casimir decides to leave.
- He plans a safe route home, avoiding potential hostage situations.
- Casimir gives Eloise his mother’s comb as a parting gift before he departs.

**Interaction with House of Fire**:

- The group visits the House of Fire, encountering resistance from the guards.
- Julian, a Peacekeeper, faces challenges in entering but negotiates his way in.
- Inside, they confront Sir Zisis Vathi, engaging in a heated debate about law and justice.

**Discovery of Traps and Encounter with Giorgos Thalorin**:

- The party discovers a metal wire trap in the forest, suggesting bandit activity.
- They meet Giorgos Thalorin, who escorts them and reveals a perimeter guarded by non-descript knights.
- They witness a skirmish involving Estin knights and bandits, with significant casualties on both sides.

**Investigation and Ritual**:

- Julian finds tattoos and medallions on the fallen bandits, indicating a cult.
- Giorgos and the group participate in a ritual to honor the fallen knights.
- They learn of Duchess Mercy’s national conscription effort, gathering Estin youth for a greater cause.

**Camp Insights and Cultural Practices**:

- At a hidden camp, the party witnesses training of Estin youth and a ritual of mourning involving stones and water.
- They learn about the historical and cultural significance of the ritual.
- The camp reflects Duchess Mercy’s efforts to unify and strengthen the Estin people against cult threats.

###
